>> loading GameParams.old.txt (first object)
>> loading GameParams.txt (second object)
>> comparing pickles
root.PRGM099_130mm_55.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM156_16in45_Mk1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM038_139_55_Mle_1921_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.32, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM095_130MM55_B7CAS.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP308_Ishizuchi_1921.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM129_12in45_MkX.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM017_155_50_Mle_1921_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM077_6in47_MK16.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP409_Mogami_1935.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE032_Arizona_memorial.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB104_Orion.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB104_Orion.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB104_Orion.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB104_Orion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB104_Orion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB104_Orion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB104_Orion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB104_Orion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB104_Orion.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB104_Orion.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB104_Orion.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW006_Kirishima.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW006_Kirishima.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW006_Kirishima.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW006_Kirishima.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW006_Kirishima.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW006_Kirishima.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW006_Kirishima.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PAGM019_8in55_CA68.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE114_Valor_Flags_Remebrance.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PXW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PXW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PXW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PXW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PXW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PXW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEE109_Enterprise_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE999_SecretSanta.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD104_V_170.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD104_V_170.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD104_V_170.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD104_V_170.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD104_V_170.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD104_V_170.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD104_V_170.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD104_V_170.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD104_V_170.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD104_V_170.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJES508_HSF_Harekaze.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM101_410mm50.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM352_350mm_BASIC_2_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC013_Camo_MGT.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE133_Navy_day_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM009_15in42_MK1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF020_Blue_Dragon_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX023_HMS_SS_Lorina.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX023_HMS_SS_Lorina.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX023_HMS_SS_Lorina.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM114_8in50_Mk14_Mod1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE124_Gamescom_2017.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE042_Birthday_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF001_Zulu_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEE067_Supremacy_League_Participant.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGEP302_Tirpiz_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCH140_BD2_GE removed in second object
root.PBSD506_Gallant.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSD506_Gallant.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD506_Gallant.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD506_Gallant.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD506_Gallant.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD506_Gallant.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD506_Gallant.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD103_G_101.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD103_G_101.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD103_G_101.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD103_G_101.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD103_G_101.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD103_G_101.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD103_G_101.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD103_G_101.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD103_G_101.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD103_G_101.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM027_4in50_Mk12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE099_Veteran_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.A_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.B_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.B_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.B_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE037_Veterans_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC033_commander_day.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM078_16_45_MkII_Rounded.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT022_MK17_C, is PZPT023_MK17_D)
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.A1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT022_MK17_C, is PZPT023_MK17_D)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.B1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.B1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.A_Hull_1935.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.A_Hull_1935.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.A_Hull_1935.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM547_5in54_MK16_HSF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ATBADefault.HP_GGS_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -1.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ATBADefault.HP_GGS_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ATBADefault.HP_GGS_2.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -1.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ATBADefault.HP_GGS_2.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM098_130mm_sm2_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM064_203mm50_Type_C_mod.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP309_New_York_Scull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGAF021_Bf109T_GZ.numFloats changed in second object (was 0, is 2)
root.PAGM167_14in40_Model_1909.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP507_Fubuki_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM069_180mm_CM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PZGM013_127mm40_Type89_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM541_100mm65_Type98_HSF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM025_8in55_Triple_Mk16.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASX904_Cimarron.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASX904_Cimarron.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX904_Cimarron.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE038_Olympics_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC021_Valentine_Tile.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM507_330_52_Mle_1931_prem_Nolan.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM041_120mm_45_Canet.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE017_Flag_Volunteer.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.A_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM154_5in50_Mk5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX024_PCGM004.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX024_PCGM004.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX024_PCGM004.artillery.HP_CGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC029_Sparks_of_Victory.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PREP501_Gremyashchy_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX033_Dyck.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX033_Dyck.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX033_Dyck.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP403_Katori.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM026_4in50_Mk12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.A_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.A_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE012_SeasonFlag02.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC102_Novik.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSC102_Novik.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.A_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.A_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.A_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.A_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.B_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.B_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD103_Derzky.B_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.B_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE118_Jolly_Roger_4.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.A_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.A_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.A_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.C1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.C1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.C_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.C_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.C_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM024_6in50_QF_Mk_V.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PASC707_Flint.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC707_Flint.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC707_Flint.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC707_Flint.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC707_Flint.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC707_Flint.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC707_Flint.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC707_Flint.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC707_Flint.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE077_Martoboi.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD109_Z_46.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD109_Z_46.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD109_Z_46.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD109_Z_46.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD109_Z_46.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD109_Z_46.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD109_Z_46.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD109_Z_46.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD109_Z_46.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM146_203mm50_Type_E.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM088_152mm_45_Canet.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM092_88mm45_SK_L45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.04, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM082_305mm_50_Drh_LC_1909.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM006_8in55_CA32.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM009_130mm_B_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM507_15in42_MK2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PREP508_Pr_20i_Tashkent.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE018_Flag_Val_Player.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE069_Fire_Rooster.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM126_120mm45_Type_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX016.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX016.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX019.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX019.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX019.artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PREP407_Schors.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.A_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.A_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PZGM032_120mm_45_QF_CP_MkXIX_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE082_Blue_Mermaid.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGEP407_Yorck.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.B_Hull_1925.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.B_Hull_1925.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.B_Hull_1925.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.A_Hull_1917.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM025_138_6mm_40_Mle_1927.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.16, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM092_203mm55.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PJW013_Kirishima_Bear.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW013_Kirishima_Bear.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW013_Kirishima_Bear.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW013_Kirishima_Bear.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW013_Kirishima_Bear.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW013_Kirishima_Bear.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW013_Kirishima_Bear.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM072_070mm_BASIC_2_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PXSX026_Canterbury.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX026_Canterbury.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX026_Canterbury.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP438_Atago_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.Hull_A.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.Hull_A.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.Hull_A.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM059_16in45_Mk1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC109_Roon.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC109_Roon.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC109_Roon.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC109_Roon.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC109_Roon.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC109_Roon.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC109_Roon.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC109_Roon.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC109_Roon.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM043_12in52.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.pitchDeadZones[0][0] changed in second object (was 157.0, is 174.0)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.pitchDeadZones[0][1] changed in second object (was -157.0, is -174.0)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE112_FNFL.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM044_152_55_Mle_1930_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP307_Texas.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM037_6in45_Cane.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE097_Battle_of_Midway.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC031_Deserved_ST.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM065_203mm_C34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM005_380mm_SKC_34_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC005_Camo_NY_3.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B2_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B2_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B2_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.A_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.C2_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.C2_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.C1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.C1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.B1_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.C_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.C_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.C_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP303_Permo_NY_2_CN.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP502_Smith.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP514_Tachibana_1912_Asus.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP308_New_York_1934.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF015_ZH_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE011_SeasonFlag01.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD508_Kidd.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD508_Kidd.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD508_Kidd.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD508_Kidd.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD508_Kidd.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD508_Kidd.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD508_Kidd.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD508_Kidd.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM538_5in54_MK16.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM009_240_55_Mle.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.52, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM017_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.deadMesh changed in second object (was content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes_dead.model, is content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes_dead.model)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.id changed in second object (was 4246103248, is 4291192016)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.index changed in second object (was PZGT046, is PZGT003)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT014_53_51_C, is PZPT015_53_51_D)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.miscFilter[0] removed in second object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.name changed in second object (was PZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes, is PZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.model changed in second object (was content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes.model, is content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes.model)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.deadMesh changed in second object (was content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes_dead.model, is content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes_dead.model)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.id changed in second object (was 4246103248, is 4291192016)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.index changed in second object (was PZGT046, is PZGT003)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT014_53_51_C, is PZPT015_53_51_D)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.miscFilter[0] removed in second object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.name changed in second object (was PZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes, is PZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.model changed in second object (was content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT046_533mm_1N_3tubes.model, is content/gameplay/panasia/gun/torpedo/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes/ZGT003_533mm_1N_3tubes.model)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PCEE085_Labor_Day.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM006.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM006.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM005.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM005.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM009.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM009.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX005_St_Clair.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASX005_St_Clair.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX005_St_Clair.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP504_Minekadze_1920.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM113_5in38_Mk32_Mod12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM085_105mm_tbts_LC_16.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PCW001_CrewCommon.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PCW001_CrewCommon.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PCW001_CrewCommon.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PCW001_CrewCommon.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PCW001_CrewCommon.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PCW001_CrewCommon.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PCW001_CrewCommon.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.USSR_10.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.Black.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.US_7_ATLANTA.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.Gb_7_BELFAST.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.US_9.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.US_8.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.Default.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.US_10.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.USSR_8.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.USSR_9.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.US_7_INDIANAPOLIS.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.USSR_6.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.USSR_7.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCEE044_Prinz_Eugen.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM103_12in52_mod_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE057_Coinsup_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM090_130mm_55_casemate.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM064_180mm_57_MK_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM095_4in50_Mk12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM095_203mm55.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE047_WaitForMe.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PWGM004_120mm_Bofors_wz34_36_single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE058_WG_Fest.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.34, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.34, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.A_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A1_356_45.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.A1_356_45.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.B_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE103_De_Grasse.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP414_New_Orlean_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.A_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD208_Kagero.A_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.A_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD208_Kagero.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD208_Kagero.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD208_Kagero.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM149_305MM_50_DRH_LC_1911.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PUW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PUW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PUW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PUW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PUW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PUW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PUW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PJEP508_HSF_Harekaze.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC017_Camo_wows_birthday_tile.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA017_Hakuryu_1942.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA017_Hakuryu_1942.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA017_Hakuryu_1942.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM098_410mm45_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP313_Arkansas_1912.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE108_Harekaze_HSF.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM096_6in50_MK6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASA507_Saipan_1946.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA507_Saipan_1946.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA507_Saipan_1946.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM006_360mm45_Type_41.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP109_Permo_Prem_9_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW102_Southern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW102_Southern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW102_Southern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW102_Southern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW102_Southern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW102_Southern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW102_Southern_dragon_king.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.A1_203_55.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.A1_203_55.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.A1_203_55.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.A_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.A_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.A_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B2_203_55.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B2_203_55.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B2_203_55.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B1_203_55.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B1_203_55.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.B1_203_55.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE049_Jolly_Roger_3.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM001_6in50_MK_XXIII.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM010_15in42_MK1_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM082_3in50_Mk5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM092_130mm55_casemate.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM026_127mm_KC_40.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM087_5in38_Mk21.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP525_True_Kamikaze.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE028_SeasonFlag04.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM154_127mm50_Type_C.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM071_070mm_BASIC_1_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE123_Gallant_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM064_280mm_SK_L45_LC_1906.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM043_14in50_3Gun_Turret.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC107_Algerie.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC107_Algerie.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC107_Algerie.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC107_Algerie.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC107_Algerie.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC107_Algerie.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC107_Algerie.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC107_Algerie.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC107_Algerie.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC107_Algerie.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE079_Scavenger.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM030_155mm50_Type_91_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.69, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC018_Restless_Fire.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE033_Krasnyi_Krim_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B1_152_53.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A_Hull_1923.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A_Hull_1923.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A_Hull_1923.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.A1_152_53.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B_Hull_1938.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B_Hull_1938.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.B_Hull_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C1_152_53.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM077_16in_45_MkII_Cubic.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PJSX701_Support.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSX701_Support.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSX701_Support.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE066_Supremacy_League_Winner.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM510_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE073_Mutsu_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF013_PP_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF018_IX_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE116_Valor_All_for_One_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM060_380mm_SKC_34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB106_Bayern.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB106_Bayern.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB106_Bayern.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB106_Bayern.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB106_Bayern.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.C1_127_38.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.C1_127_38.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.C1_127_38.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.C1_127_38.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.AB1_127_38.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.AB1_127_38.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.AB1_127_38.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.AB1_127_38.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.AB1_127_38.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_15.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM134_305mm40_type_armstrong.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE060_Oleg_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZPT021_MK16_MOD1_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 69600.0, is 53500.0)
root.PGGM096_280mm54_5_C34_Shee_HSF2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PGW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PGW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PGW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PGW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PGW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PGW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PGW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.A_Hull_1940.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.A_Hull_1940.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.A_Hull_1940.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.B_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.B_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.B_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.C_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.C_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.C_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM053_28cm_SK_L45_LC_1906.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM157_6in53_Mk16_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.A_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.A_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.A_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.B_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.B_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.B_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.AB1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGEP304_Tirpiz_1942_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC020_Camo_New_Year_17.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A_Hull_1906.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A_Hull_1906.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.A_Hull_1906.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B_Hull_1924.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B_Hull_1924.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.B_Hull_1924.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A_Hull_1912.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A_Hull_1912.SG.maxHP changed in second object (was 11600.0, is 10700.0)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM124_12in50_Mk7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.B_Hull_1925.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.B_Hull_1925.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.B_Hull_1925.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.A_Hull_1918.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.A_Hull_1918.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.A_Hull_1918.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP129_Permo_Upgr_9_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP302_Permo_NY_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM113_149mm60_DrhTr_SK_C25.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM049_356mm45_Type41.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM039_406mm_C34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF006_HY_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.72, is 0.0001)
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.72, is 0.0001)
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.groupCustom.ASIA removed in first object
root.PCEE130_Yamamoto_collection.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE068_Community_Contest.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGEP418_Prinz_Eugen.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE088_NA_EU_community.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF009_JY2_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM015_6in53_Mk16_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM093_4in50_Mk12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC709_Haguro.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM094_280mm54_5_C34_Shee.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM047_410mm45_Type3_RF_F.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE119_Graf_Zeppelin.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE008_Rank20.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.A_Hull_1912.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B1_152_45.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B_Hull_1918.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B_Hull_1918.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.B_Hull_1918.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.A1_152_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.A1_152_45.HP_JGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.A1_152_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.A1_152_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD105_T_22.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD105_T_22.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD105_T_22.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.A_Hull_1919.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.A_Hull_1919.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.A_Hull_1919.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.B_Hull_1937.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.B_Hull_1937.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.B_Hull_1937.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM083_127mm_45_SK_C41.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP319_Alabama.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE014_Flag_Supertest.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE081_Collectioner.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZGM022_5in38_Mk38_Mod0.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM005_Bison_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE110_Supremacy_League_4_Participants.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM302_300mm_BASIC_2_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC104_Danae.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC104_Danae.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC104_Danae.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC104_Danae.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC104_Danae.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC104_Danae.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC104_Danae.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC104_Danae.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC104_Danae.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC104_Danae.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC104_Danae.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC104_Danae.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM081_15in_45_MkII.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF014_NF_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM572_203mm50_Type_E_RF_Arpeggio.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM097_152mm_45_casemate_L.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASX815_Bogue_Clone.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASX815_Bogue_Clone.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX815_Bogue_Clone.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP445_Marblehead_1924_Asus.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PREP409_Dmitry_Donskoy.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM104_12in52_mod_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM117_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 1.0)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.A_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 1.0)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM025_105mm_Schnelladegeschutz_L40.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM115_8in50_Mk14_Mod2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM074_180mm_CM_3_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PCBC022_PCGM002.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC022_PCGM002.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC022_PCGM002.artillery.HP_CGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP509_Black.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PRW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PRW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PRW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PRW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PRW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PRW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PBGM503_15in42_MK2_clean.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.A_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM073_152mm_45_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM093_152MM_45_CASEMATE.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBA001.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBA001.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE035_Dunkerque.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 17.73, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 17.73, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 17.73, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM098_6in50_MK6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PBW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PBW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PBW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PBW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PBW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PBW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PBW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PJSX702_Support.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSX702_Support.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSX702_Support.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP301_Permo_NY.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW008_Myoko.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW008_Myoko.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW008_Myoko.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW008_Myoko.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW008_Myoko.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW008_Myoko.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW008_Myoko.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEF022_Red_Dragon_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC023_PCGM003.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC023_PCGM003.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC023_PCGM003.artillery.HP_CGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE113_Valor_Flags_Home.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM163_14in45_Triple.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PGGM058_280mm54_5_C34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A2_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 11.6, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A2_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 11.6, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A2_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 11.6, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.A2_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 11.6, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 10.96, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 10.96, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 10.96, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 10.96, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM024_203mm50_Type_E_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE080_Elements.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM150_5in38_Mk24_Mod6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM084_120mm40_Type_HaGun.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM050_356mm45_Type41.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PBEP307_Hood_Permo_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM013_203mm50_Type_C.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM047_130mm_B2U.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT020_MK16_MOD1_C, is PZPT021_MK16_MOD1_D)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT020_MK16_MOD1_C, is PZPT021_MK16_MOD1_D)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PRGM004_6in45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC035_Back2School.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM058_16_5in_45_MkII_Cubic.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC032_navy_day.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PCH130_YamamotoCompleted.enabledCustom.CN removed in first object
root.PCGM004_210mm_Mrs_18.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM202_200mm_BASIC_2_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.C_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.C_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.C_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.A_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.A_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.A_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.B_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.B_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.B_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM055_100mm65_Type98.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.C_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.C_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.C_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.A_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.A_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.A_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.ABC_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.ABC_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.ABC_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.B_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.B_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.B_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM046_410mm45_Type3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJW005_Kongou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW005_Kongou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW005_Kongou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW005_Kongou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW005_Kongou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW005_Kongou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW005_Kongou.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEE030_Battle_of_Jutland.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP444_Marblehead_1924.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE132_Kii_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.ShipUpgradeInfo.PGUF702_FC2_GRAF_Z removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.ShipUpgradeInfo.PGUB701_TB_GRAF_Z removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.A_AirArmament.launchpadType changed in second object (was deck, is deckWithCatapult)
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.A_AirArmament.HP_GC_2 removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.A_AirArmament.HP_GC_1 removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.A2_FlightControl removed in first object
root.PCEE101_Navoeval.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.A_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.B_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.B_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.B_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.C_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.C_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.C_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE115_Valor_Giving_Thanks_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.A_Hull_1920.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.A_Hull_1920.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.A_Hull_1920.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.B_Hull_1938.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.B_Hull_1938.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.B_Hull_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM570_203mm50_Type_C_mod_Arpeggio.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE091_Victory_Day_EU.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF008_IY_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC023_Camo_St_Patrick.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.B1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.B1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.A1_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.A_Hull_1935.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.A_Hull_1935.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.A_Hull_1935.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX004.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX004.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX004.artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX004.artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX005.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX005.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX006.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX006.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX006.artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX006.artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX006.artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX007.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX007.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX007.artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX007.artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX001.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX001.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX001.artillery.HP_CGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX001.artillery.HP_CGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX001.artillery.HP_CGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX003.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX003.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX003.artillery.HP_CGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX003.artillery.HP_CGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX003.artillery.HP_CGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX008.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX008.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX009.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX009.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX009.artillery.HP_CGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX009.artillery.HP_CGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX009.artillery.HP_CGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP304_Permo_NY_2_CN_Red.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX017_Caboteur_de_35_metres.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX017_Caboteur_de_35_metres.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX017_Caboteur_de_35_metres.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE051_Belfast.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM041_105mm_SK_L45_shield.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE036_Taiwan_Navy.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP111_Hiryu_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC705_Myoko.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM501_130mm_B2LM.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM540_127mm50_Type_C_HSF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP521_Fletcher_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP139_Permo_Prem_9_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD207_Minsk.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD207_Minsk.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD207_Minsk.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD207_Minsk.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD207_Minsk.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD207_Minsk.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD207_Minsk.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD207_Minsk.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD207_Minsk.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD207_Minsk.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD207_Minsk.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW101_Eastern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW101_Eastern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW101_Eastern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW101_Eastern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW101_Eastern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW101_Eastern_dragon_king.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW101_Eastern_dragon_king.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PGGM148_420MM_48_DRH_LC_1940.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.B_Hull_1948.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.B_Hull_1948.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.B_Hull_1948.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.A_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.A_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM076_5in38_Mk30_Mod0.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASB508_Alabama.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB508_Alabama.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB508_Alabama.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB508_Alabama.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB508_Alabama.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB508_Alabama.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM138_5in38_Mk21.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PCVO004_OP_01_04_s02_Naval_Defense.restrictions.shipLevels[0] changed in second object (was 5, is 6)
root.PCVO004_OP_01_04_s02_Naval_Defense.restrictions.shipLevels[1] removed in second object
root.PCEE065_Shipsmas.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE090_Military_Month_Contributor_Flag_v2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM035_140mm50_Type_3Year.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC012_Camo_Basketball_Tile_4.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX001_Cimarron.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASX001_Cimarron.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX001_Cimarron.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE029_Songkran.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE034_Scharnhorst.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX034_John_Cattling.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX034_John_Cattling.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX034_John_Cattling.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PREP402_Diana_1905.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM125_3in40_mk1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM504_380mm_SKC_34_RF_Nolan.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX021.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX021.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX021.artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM027_210mm45_SK_L45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZGM002_130mm_B13_2c.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM569_203mm50_Type_C_RF_mod_Arpeggio.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PFES306_Dunkerque_Skin.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW014_Ashigara.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW014_Ashigara.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW014_Ashigara.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW014_Ashigara.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW014_Ashigara.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW014_Ashigara.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW014_Ashigara.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEE139_Dudinka_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB509_Missouri.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB509_Missouri.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB509_Missouri.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB509_Missouri.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB509_Missouri.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB509_Missouri.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE134_Wargaming_anniversary.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PREP505_Pr_7_Gnevny.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM091_127mm50_Type_A.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE111_Supremacy_League_4_Champions.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM203_200mm_BASIC_3_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP128_Permo_Upgr_8_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZGM005_5in38_Mk30_Mod1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM130_200mm.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.49, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF017_VL_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PIGM001_152mm53_F.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP321_Izumo_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE053_Votes_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM504_15in42_MK2_B_clean.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM145_200mm50_Type_E.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.98, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM539_5in54_MK16.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM047_150mm_SK_L45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PJW015_Takao.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW015_Takao.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW015_Takao.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW015_Takao.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW015_Takao.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW015_Takao.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW015_Takao.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PAGM153_6in50_MK6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.A_Hull_1917.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.A_Hull_1917.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.A_Hull_1917.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM096_152MM_MK_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE137_Admiral_Makarov.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PFW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PFW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PFW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PFW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PFW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PFW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEE076_St_Patrick.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGEP409_Roon.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.A1_Artillery.HP_IGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.A1_Artillery.HP_IGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.A1_Artillery.HP_IGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.A1_Artillery.HP_IGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PGAD001_Ju_87C_GZ.numFloats changed in second object (was 0, is 2)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC105_Emerald.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC105_Emerald.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC105_Emerald.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC105_Emerald.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.ArtilleryDefault.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B2_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B2_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B2_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM090_105mm_SK_C32_gE.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP526_Camo_Kamikaze.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C1_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A_Hull_1926.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A_Hull_1926.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.A_Hull_1926.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C2_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C2_120_45.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C2_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B_Hull_1939.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B_Hull_1939.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.B_Hull_1939.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE009_Rank10.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_15.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_15.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC014_Camo_GNB_May_2016.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE089_VALOR.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.A_Hull_1912.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF012_MY6_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM062_18in_45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 11.6, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM130_4in50_Twin_Mount.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ABC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.pitchDeadZones[1][3] removed in first object
root.PJW009_Unknown.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW009_Unknown.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW009_Unknown.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW009_Unknown.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW009_Unknown.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW009_Unknown.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW009_Unknown.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PJGM127_410mm45_Type3_RF_old.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD102_V_25.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.04, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD102_V_25.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.04, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD102_V_25.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSD102_V_25.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.04, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD102_V_25.AB2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD102_V_25.AB2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD102_V_25.AB2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD102_V_25.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD102_V_25.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD102_V_25.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD102_V_25.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD102_V_25.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD102_V_25.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM031_203mm_C34_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC102_Jurien.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC015_Camo_CN_Special.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM040_6in45_Cane.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC011_Camo_Basketball_Tile_3.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE021_Flag_CBT.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM500_406_52_SKC34_Barbara.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM040_203_55mm_Mle_1931_Triple.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE016_Flag_Developer.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM045_152_55_Mle_1930.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM121_203mm.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC010_Camo_Basketball_Tile_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PREP301_Nikolay_I.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM012_16in45_Mk6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A_Hull.dockYOffset changed in second object (was 0.0, is -0.1)
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PREP509_Pr_48_Kiev.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE022_Flag_WG.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM037_380mm45_SK_L45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE064_Flag_Volunteer_3.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.B_Hull_1925.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.B_Hull_1925.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.B_Hull_1925.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.A_Hull_1917.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF003_EqualSpeed_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.AB1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.AB1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.AB1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PREP403_Murmansk_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM353_350mm_BASIC_3_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM153_127_50_twin_type_A.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM077_150mm_1DrhL_C_38.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.4, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM303_300mm_BASIC_3_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP118_Permo_Upgr_8_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZPT017_533_MKIX2_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 57600.0, is 44300.0)
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASD709_Black.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD709_Black.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD709_Black.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD709_Black.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD709_Black.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD709_Black.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD709_Black.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD709_Black.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC106_Leander.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC106_Leander.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC106_Leander.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC106_Leander.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC106_Leander.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC106_Leander.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC106_Leander.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE084_Alabama.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.AB2_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.AB2_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW017_ARP_Nachi.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW017_ARP_Nachi.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW017_ARP_Nachi.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW017_ARP_Nachi.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW017_ARP_Nachi.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW017_ARP_Nachi.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW017_ARP_Nachi.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCBX025_PCGM005.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX025_PCGM005.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX025_PCGM005.artillery.HP_CGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX020.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX020.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX020.artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX020.artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM152_6in50_MK6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB705_Kongou.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB705_Kongou.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB705_Kongou.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB705_Kongou.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB705_Kongou.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PIW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PIW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PIW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PIW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PIW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PIW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PIW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PBGM059_16_5in_45_MkII_Rounded.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PGES308_Bismarck_Veteran.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM085_152mm_Mk_5_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC006_Tile_Supertest.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE120_WG_Summer_Fest_2017.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGEP507_Scharnhorst.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM002_105mm_LeFH_18.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC003_Camo_Halloween.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCVO002_OP_01_02_s01_NavalBase.restrictions.shipLevels[0] changed in second object (was 5, is 6)
root.PCVO002_OP_01_02_s01_NavalBase.restrictions.shipLevels[1] removed in second object
root.PGGM066_203mm_C34_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.Gb_7_BELFAST_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.Black.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.USSR_7_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.USSR_8_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.Default.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.US_10_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.US_8_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.US_9_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.USSR_9_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.USSR_6_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.US_7_ATLANTA_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.USSR_10_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PCY020_RLSSearchPremium.US_7_INDIANAPOLIS_PREMIUM.distsShip removed in first object
root.PZPT015_53_51_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 52300.0, is 40200.0)
root.PCEE107_Wilhelmshaven_School.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX025_Medway_Queen.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX025_Medway_Queen.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX025_Medway_Queen.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM067_220mm_SM6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.95, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC503_Katori.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC503_Katori.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC503_Katori.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC503_Katori.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.34, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC503_Katori.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.34, is 0.0001)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.B_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.B_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.B_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.C_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.C_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.C_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM052_12in45_Mk5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PZW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PZW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PZW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PZW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PZW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PZW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PGEP406_HSF_Graf_Spee.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.A_Hull_1936.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.A_Hull_1936.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.A_Hull_1936.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZPT023_MK17_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 65100.0, is 50100.0)
root.PBSB517_Nelson.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB517_Nelson.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB517_Nelson.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB517_Nelson.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB517_Nelson.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB517_Nelson.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in first object
root.PBSB517_Nelson.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM046_152_55_Mle_1936.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM502_15in42_MK2_B_Nolan.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP318_Iowa_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCH131_YamamotoCompletedExcellent.enabledCustom.CN removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.C_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.C_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.C_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.C_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.AB_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.AB_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.AB_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.AB_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.AB_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE125_Blueprint_1.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT016_533_MKIX2_C, is PZPT017_533_MKIX2_D)
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT016_533_MKIX2_C, is PZPT017_533_MKIX2_D)
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PAGM159_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM121_5in51_Mk_7_mod2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM571_203mm50_Type_E_Arpeggio.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE126_Blueprint_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.B_Hull_1938.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.B_Hull_1938.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.B_Hull_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A_Hull_1919.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A_Hull_1919.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.A_Hull_1919.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE102_Battle_of_Phillipines.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC027_Players_Birthday.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM037_6in45_MK_XII.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.ABC1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.ABC1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.ABC1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.ABC1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.ABC1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM028_210mm45_SK_L45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP311_Mikasa_1905.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGEP402_Emden_1908.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM092_5in38_Mk38_Mod0.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM079_3in50_Mk22_Mod2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE054_Buffed_de.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM006_380mm_SKC_34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM147_203mm50_Type_E_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC024_Battle_Hardened.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZGM047_5in38_Mk30_Mod0.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.pitchDeadZones[1][3] removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.pitchDeadZones[2][3] removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A_Hull_1919.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A_Hull_1919.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.A_Hull_1919.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC025_CoE_Team_Water.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF007_ID_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.B2_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.A_Hull_1920.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.A_Hull_1920.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.A_Hull_1920.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.B_Hull_1930.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.B_Hull_1930.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.B_Hull_1930.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.A_Hull_1929.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.A_Hull_1929.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.A_Hull_1929.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC026_CoE_Team_Fire.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM068_305mm45_double.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM046_130mm_B2LM.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC018_Tone.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC018_Tone.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSC018_Tone.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC018_Tone.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSC018_Tone.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC018_Tone.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC018_Tone.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC018_Tone.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC018_Tone.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE020_Flag_CBW.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.95, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.95, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.95, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM118_120mm40_Type_HaGun_Mask.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT018_MK_15_MOD3_C, is PZPT019_MK_15_MOD3_D)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT018_MK_15_MOD3_C, is PZPT019_MK_15_MOD3_D)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP103_Permo_Prem_Low_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A_Hull_1908.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A_Hull_1908.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.A_Hull_1908.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B_Hull_1916.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B_Hull_1916.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.B_Hull_1916.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC016_Camo_Gamescom_2016.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE122_Battle_of_Vella_Gulf.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE048_SeasonFlag05.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.A1_120_40.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.A_Hull_1911.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.A_Hull_1911.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.A_Hull_1911.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.B1_120_40.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.B_Hull_1918.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.B_Hull_1918.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.B_Hull_1918.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM148_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE117_Dunkirk_dinamo.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM354_350mm_BASIC_4_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM051_305mm_50_Drh_LC_1909.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.A_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.B1_410_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.B1_410_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.B1_410_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.B1_410_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.A_Hull_1917.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.B_Hull_1931.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.B_Hull_1931.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.B_Hull_1931.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM144_200mm50_Type_E_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.98, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM048_130mm_40_Mle_1919.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW201_Isoroku_cat.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW201_Isoroku_cat.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW201_Isoroku_cat.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW201_Isoroku_cat.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW201_Isoroku_cat.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW201_Isoroku_cat.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW201_Isoroku_cat.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PBEP302_Warspite_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM075_180mm_CM_3_Radar.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP116_Permo_Upgr_6_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP602_Albany_Military_Veteran.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A_Hull_1936.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A_Hull_1936.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A_Hull_1936.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE083_Easter_2017.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM131_4in50_Twin_Mount_shield.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZPT009_533_MKII_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 35400.0, is 27300.0)
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.69, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.69, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.69, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.69, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.69, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.B_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.B_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.B_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.C_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.C_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.C_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.A_Hull_1935.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.A_Hull_1935.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.A_Hull_1935.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM018_203mm50_Mle_1924_Algerie.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE046_Pirate_Day_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -4.0, is 0.0)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][0] changed in second object (was -17.0, is -1.0)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][1] changed in second object (was 17.0, is 1.0)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][2] changed in second object (was 0.0, is 7.0)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD110_Z_52.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD110_Z_52.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD110_Z_52.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD110_Z_52.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD110_Z_52.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD110_Z_52.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC108_Hipper.C1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PZPT007_G6_AV3_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 38300.0, is 29400.0)
root.PCEC009_Camo_Basketball_Tile_1.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP120_Permo_Upgr_10_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM063_152mm_57_MK_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PREP405_KrasniKrym.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE024_MGT_20.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE086_Victory_Day.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSD007_Scnellboot_S38.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSD007_Scnellboot_S38.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSD007_Scnellboot_S38.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B2_152_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.A_Hull_1908.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.A_Hull_1908.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.A_Hull_1908.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B1_127_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B1_127_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B1_127_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B1_127_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B1_127_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B1_127_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B_Hull_1917.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B_Hull_1917.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.B_Hull_1917.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.A1_127_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.A1_127_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.A1_127_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.A1_127_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJW012_Haguro.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW012_Haguro.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW012_Haguro.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW012_Haguro.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW012_Haguro.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW012_Haguro.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW012_Haguro.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PZGM015_4_7in45_BL_Mark_I.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM016_203mm_SK_L56.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM063_280mm_SK_L45_LC_1906.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE072_Valentines.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM007_330_52_Mle_1931_prem.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.72, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM137_5in38_Mk30_Mod1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJW016_Gunzou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW016_Gunzou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW016_Gunzou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW016_Gunzou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW016_Gunzou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW016_Gunzou.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW016_Gunzou.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.AB_127_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.AB_127_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.AB_127_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM048_410mm45_Type3_RF_R.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE043_Restless_Fire.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM094_130MM_55_B7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.49, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.49, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.49, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.49, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.49, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.49, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB2_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB2_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB2_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB2_Artillery.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB2_Artillery.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.AB2_Artillery.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.A_Hull_1929.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.A_Hull_1929.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.A_Hull_1929.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C2_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C2_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C2_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.98, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.98, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.C1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.98, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM126_14in_45_Mk8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE128_Iron_duke_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM133_5in51_Mk_7_mod2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC036_Tokyo_Game_Show.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.17, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX016_Goliath.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX016_Goliath.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX016_Goliath.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE078_Okhotnik.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM056_14in45_BL_MkVII_Quadro.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 10.96, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE094_Dunkirk_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM066_16in45_BL_MkI.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.A_Hull_1929.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.A_Hull_1929.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.A_Hull_1929.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT010_MK_11_C, is PZPT011_MK_11_D)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT010_MK_11_C, is PZPT011_MK_11_D)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PAGM020_8in55_Mk14_Mod1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PBW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PBW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PBW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PBW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PBW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PBW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PBW701_PVE.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCVO003_OP_01_03_s03_Labyrinth.restrictions.shipLevels[0] changed in second object (was 5, is 6)
root.PCVO003_OP_01_03_s03_Labyrinth.restrictions.shipLevels[1] removed in second object
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.A_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.A_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.A_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.B_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.B_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.B_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF011_IB3_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGEP303_Koenig_Albert.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE040_Burning_Man.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM072_120mm45_Type_HaGun.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PCBM010.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM010.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM011.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM011.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM031_6in53_Mk16_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM135_5in38_Mk30_Mod1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCQC006_Yamamoto.endTimeCustom.CN removed in first object
root.PCQC006_Yamamoto.startTimeCustom.CN removed in first object
root.PZPT011_MK_11_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 42200.0, is 32500.0)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM140_120mm45_twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.deadZone[0] removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][2] changed in second object (was 16.0, is 15.0)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.deadZone[0] removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][2] changed in second object (was 16.0, is 15.0)
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_9.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_5.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_6.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_7.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_4.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_8.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.AB_ATBA.HP_BGS_10.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP404_Yubari_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PWW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PWW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PWW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PWW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PWW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PWW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PWW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PAGM097_6in50_MK6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP108_Permo_Prem_High_lvl_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGW201_Thea.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PGW201_Thea.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PGW201_Thea.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PGW201_Thea.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PGW201_Thea.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PGW201_Thea.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PGW201_Thea.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PJEP517_Kamikaze_1930.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE023_SeasonFlag00.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF005_SM_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM089_6in50_Mk7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP407_Cleveland_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM076_152mm_45_casemate.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT006_G6_AV3_C, is PZPT007_G6_AV3_D)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT006_G6_AV3_C, is PZPT007_G6_AV3_D)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PGGM020_149mm60_DrhTr_C25.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM075_120mm_45_QF_MkIX.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP501_Tachibana_1912.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP107_Permo_Prem_High_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAW101_Seagal.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PAW101_Seagal.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PAW101_Seagal.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PAW101_Seagal.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PAW101_Seagal.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PAW101_Seagal.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PAW101_Seagal.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEP117_Permo_Upgr_7_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM548_5in54_MK16_2_HSF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM012_105mm_SK_L45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC503_Oleg.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM068_130mm_B13_2c.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.A_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.A_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.A_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM509_15in42_MK2_B.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC107_Fiji.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC107_Fiji.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC107_Fiji.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC107_Fiji.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC107_Fiji.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC107_Fiji.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC107_Fiji.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC107_Fiji.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC107_Fiji.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC107_Fiji.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBEP503_Campbeltown.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM074_14in_45_Mk8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PZGM026_4in_40_QF_MkIV.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZPT019_MK_15_MOD3_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 60500.0, is 46600.0)
root.PCEC007_Camo_3_Tile_Double.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM105_152mm45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM508_15in42_MK2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE093_Kaga_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT012_533_MKVII_C, is PZPT013_533_MKVII_D)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT012_533_MKVII_C, is PZPT013_533_MKVII_D)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.pitchDeadZones[1][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.pitchDeadZones[1][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[1][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.pitchDeadZones[1][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM021_6in50_MK_XXI.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.A1_120_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B1_120_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.A_Hull_1920.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.A_Hull_1920.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.A_Hull_1920.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B_Hull_1938.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B_Hull_1938.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B_Hull_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.A_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.A_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.A_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.B_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.B_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.B_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.AB1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.AB1_120_45.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.AB1_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.B2_120_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE045_Yokosuka_Marine_School.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE015_Jolly_Roger_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE098_Loot_Boy.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF024_Hydra_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.pitchDeadZones[1][3] removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.pitchDeadZones[2][3] removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP403_Albany_1898.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM501_330_52_Mle_1931_Nolan.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF019_JW1_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD108_Z_23.B2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.4, is 0.0001)
root.PBES317_Hood_Clean.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.A_Hull_1912.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.A_Hull_1912.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.A_Hull_1912.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM073_127mm50_Type_D.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM039_152_55_Mle_1930_RF2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PJW011_Iona.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW011_Iona.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW011_Iona.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW011_Iona.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW011_Iona.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW011_Iona.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW011_Iona.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B1_203_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B1_203_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B1_203_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B1_203_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.A1_203_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.A1_203_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.A1_203_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.A1_203_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.A_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.A_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.A_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B2_203_55.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B2_203_55.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B2_203_55.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.B2_203_55.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJEP112_Zuikaku_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is -1.0)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is -1.0)
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.C1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PAGM119_6in_50_Mk8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE063_Flag_Volunteer_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM501_15in42_MK2_Nolan.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.BC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.BC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.BC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.BC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB105_Koenig.BC1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC019_Camo_Halloween_16.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE096_Dragon_Boat.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM035_4in60.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE075_SeasonFlag06.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PIGM002_152mm53.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE074_Oscar_awards.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM151_127mm50_Type_C.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM099_410mm45.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC109_Neptune.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC109_Neptune.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC109_Neptune.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC109_Neptune.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC109_Neptune.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC109_Neptune.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC109_Neptune.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC109_Neptune.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC109_Neptune.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC109_Neptune.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM011_152_55_Mle_1930_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE127_Blueprint_3.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM062_203mm50_Type_E_RF8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.52, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.52, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.52, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM902_120mm40.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PASA015_Midway_1945.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA015_Midway_1945.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA015_Midway_1945.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEF010_JC_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE129_Nelson_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGAB002_Ju_87C_GZ.numFloats changed in second object (was 0, is 2)
root.PBGM199_6IN45_DANAE_EM.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP506_Hatsuharu_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM053_4in45_QF_Mk_XIX.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM047_152_55_Mle_1936_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.A_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.A_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.A_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PFW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PFW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PFW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PFW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PFW701_PVE.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PFW701_PVE.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB707_Haruna.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB707_Haruna.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB707_Haruna.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB707_Haruna.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB707_Haruna.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC002_Camo_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM155_100mm65_Type98.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZGM020_105mm_tbts_LC_16.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE059_Pearl_Harbor.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM102_12in52_mod_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM901_120mm40_Type89_B.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB2_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB2_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB2_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.AB2_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM025_203mm50_Type_E.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.AB1_410_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.AB1_410_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.AB1_410_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.AB1_410_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.AB1_410_45.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.A_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.A_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.A_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP626_CoE_Kamikaze_R.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM007_360mm45_Type_41.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PAW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PAW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PAW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PAW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PAW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PAW001_DefaultCrew.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PAW001_DefaultCrew.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PAGM027_6in47_Mk_17.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM057_14in45_BL_MkVII_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC034_Sci_Fi_Space.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE055_Perth_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM055_406mm52_SK_C34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.12, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP406_Atlanta_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD502_Smith.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PASD502_Smith.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PASD502_Smith.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PASD502_Smith.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PASD502_Smith.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PASD502_Smith.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD502_Smith.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD502_Smith.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PWGM003_120mm_Bofors_wz34_36_twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.ArtilleryDefault.HP_WGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.ArtilleryDefault.HP_WGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.ArtilleryDefault.HP_WGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.ArtilleryDefault.HP_WGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE071_Korean_Turtle.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM057_149mm60_DrhTr_C25.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM100_410mm50_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC103_Friant.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.32, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC103_Friant.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.32, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC103_Friant.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.32, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC103_Friant.AB1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.32, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC103_Friant.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC103_Friant.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC103_Friant.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC103_Friant.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC103_Friant.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC103_Friant.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM016_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC107_Schors.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC107_Schors.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC107_Schors.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC107_Schors.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC107_Schors.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC107_Schors.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE138_TGS07_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM001_380mm_SKC_34_RF_Bismarck.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.A_Hull_1929.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.A_Hull_1929.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.A_Hull_1929.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE010_Rank1.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.B_Hull_1939.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.B_Hull_1939.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.B_Hull_1939.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.C_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.C_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.C_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A1_127_51.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A_Hull_1936.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A_Hull_1936.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.A_Hull_1936.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD506_Anshan.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD506_Anshan.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD506_Anshan.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD506_Anshan.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD506_Anshan.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD506_Anshan.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD506_Anshan.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB799_Kirishima.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB799_Kirishima.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB799_Kirishima.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX003_Liberty.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASX003_Liberty.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASX003_Liberty.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B1_305_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B1_305_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B1_305_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B1_305_45.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B1_305_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B1_305_45.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A1_305_45.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A_Hull_1912.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.A_Hull_1912.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B_Hull_1919.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.B2_305_50.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP508_Benson_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFGM010_152_55_Mle_1930.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM125_14in_45_Mk8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM077_130mm_55_Shield.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM002_380mm_SKC_34_Bismarck.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.A_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.A_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM003_170mm_K_18.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A1_152_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B2_152_53.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B1_152_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C_Hull_1938.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C_Hull_1938.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C_Hull_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B_Hull_1924.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B_Hull_1924.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.B_Hull_1924.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A_Hull_1917.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.A_Hull_1917.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C1_152_50.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.C2_152_53.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM067_6in50_Mk6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM501_VanHellsing_Gun.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PWEP501_Blyskawica.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD508_LoYang.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD508_LoYang.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD508_LoYang.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD508_LoYang.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD508_LoYang.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD508_LoYang.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD508_LoYang.A1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM152_127mm50_Type_B.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE041_Player_Gathering.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC022_Camo_Arirang.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZEP506_Anshan.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM063_203mm50_Type_C_RF_mod.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PREP410_Diana_1905_Asus.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC028_Hunt.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.06, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE104_SeasonFlag07.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM014_203mm50_Type_C_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP306_Arizona.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE100_Moderator.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA508_Enterprise.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA508_Enterprise.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA508_Enterprise.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM024_105mm_Schnelladegeschutz_L40.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE105_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX017.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX017.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX017.artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX017.artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX015.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX015.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX014.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX014.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX013.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX013.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX013.artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX013.artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX012.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX012.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX011.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX011.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX010.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX010.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX018.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX018.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBX018.artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PCBX018.artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.51, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF021_Wyvern_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.A_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.A_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.A_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.B_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.B_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE027_Sea_Lion.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFEP306_Dunkerque_1940.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBW101_Dunk_Capn.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PBW101_Dunk_Capn.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PBW101_Dunk_Capn.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PBW101_Dunk_Capn.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PBW101_Dunk_Capn.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PBW101_Dunk_Capn.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PBW101_Dunk_Capn.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB108_Monarch.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB108_Monarch.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB108_Monarch.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB108_Monarch.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB108_Monarch.B1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PGES406_HSF_Graf_Spee.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCH129_FillAlbum_Yamamoto.enabledCustom.CN removed in first object
root.PJW007_Haruna.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW007_Haruna.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW007_Haruna.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW007_Haruna.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW007_Haruna.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW007_Haruna.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW007_Haruna.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEE013_SeasonFlag03.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.A_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.A_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.B_Hull_1943.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.B_Hull_1943.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.B_Hull_1943.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCVO001_OP_01_01_37_Ridge.restrictions.shipLevels[0] changed in second object (was 5, is 6)
root.PCVO001_OP_01_01_37_Ridge.restrictions.shipLevels[1] removed in second object
root.PZPT013_533_MKVII_D.alphaDamage changed in second object (was 57000.0, is 43900.0)
root.PJEP418_Tone.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM503_380mm_SKC_34_Nolan.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP115_Permo_Upgr_5_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC001_Camo_1.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM118_5in51_Mk_7_mod2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE056_Project_Oil.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE039_Gamescom_2016.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE106_Corgi_Fleet_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP313_Amagi_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBES307_Hood_Veteran.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is -1.0)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC105_Kirov.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.05, is 0.0001)
root.PCEC004_Camo_XP_Boost.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.16, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM160_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCBM007.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM007.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.AB1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM008.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBM008.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_12.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_12.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_11.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_11.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ArtilleryDefault.HP_GGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.07, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE025_Military_Month_Contributor_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM074_127mm50_Type_B.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM001_460mm45_Type96.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 17.73, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM032_140mm50_Type_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.34, is 0.0001)
root.PRGM100_152mm_45_casemate_R.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF016_NE7_SignalFlag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRGM087_130mm_55_Twin.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PXSX024_Aronia.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX024_Aronia.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX024_Aronia.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM081_5in50_Mk5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM009_6in47_CL55.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP408_Flint.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJW202_Akeno.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW202_Akeno.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW202_Akeno.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW202_Akeno.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW202_Akeno.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW202_Akeno.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW202_Akeno.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.A_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.A_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.A_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.A_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM001_330_52_Mle_1931.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.72, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.deadZone[0] removed in first object
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][2] changed in second object (was 13.5, is 13.0)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0][3] removed in first object
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.A1_Artillery.HP_GGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.B1_Artillery.HP_GGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE095_Hood_flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM065_14in50_3Gun_Turret.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.A_Hull_1923.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.A_Hull_1923.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.A_Hull_1923.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.B_Hull_1925.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.B_Hull_1925.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.B_Hull_1925.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM029_155mm50_Type_91.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.69, is 0.0001)
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.B_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.B_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.B_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.C_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.C_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.C_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM147_420MM_48_DRH_LC_1940.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.5, is 0.0001)
root.PREP406_Molotov.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGES318_Bismarck_Clean.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB103_Nassau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.AB1_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 2.76, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB103_Nassau.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB103_Nassau.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB103_Nassau.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB103_Nassau.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB507_Hood.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB507_Hood.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB507_Hood.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB507_Hood.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB507_Hood.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB507_Hood.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB507_Hood.A1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.72, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.AB1_Artillery.HP_ZGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_2.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT008_533_MKII_C, is PZPT009_533_MKII_D)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.AB1_Torpedoes.HP_ZGT_1.ammoList[0] changed in second object (was PZPT008_533_MKII_C, is PZPT009_533_MKII_D)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.AB2_Torpedoes removed in second object
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE998_SecretSanta_2.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE026_Sea_Dog.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.B_Hull_1941.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.B_Hull_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.B_Hull_1941.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.B1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.C1_356_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.B_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.B_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.A_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.A_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.A_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -1.0, is 0.0)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B_Hull_1934.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B_Hull_1934.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.B_Hull_1934.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -1.0, is 0.0)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -1.0, is 1.0)
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.pitchDeadZones[1] removed in second object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM034_16in50_Mk7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PZEP508_LoYang.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP426_Iwaki_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM071_127mm_SK_C34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE061_Graf_Spee.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP529_Sims_1941.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM162_14in45_Triple.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.22, is 0.0001)
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.UniqueSkills.PCH023_Warrior.UniqueMainReloadBooster1.reloadCoeff removed in second object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.UniqueSkills.PCH023_Warrior.UniqueMainReloadBooster1.artilleryReloadCoeff removed in first object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.UniqueSkills.PCH023_Warrior.UniqueMainReloadBooster1.airplaneReloadCoeff removed in first object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.UniqueSkills.PCH023_Warrior.UniqueMainReloadBooster1.torpedoReloadCoeff removed in first object
root.PJW018_Yamamoto.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PCEC008_Camo_Eco_Tile.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.16, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.16, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.16, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE050_Leningrad.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEP119_Permo_Upgr_9_lvl.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM098_280mm54_5_C34_Shee.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PCBS001.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBS001.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBS003.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBS003.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBS002.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBS002.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBS004.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBS004.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE019_Flag_AT.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC101_Orlan.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC101_Orlan.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC101_Orlan.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC101_Orlan.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC101_Orlan.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PCGM143_140mm_BASIC_3_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.A_Artillery.HP_GGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.A_Artillery.HP_GGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.A_Artillery.HP_GGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.14, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is -1.0)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is -1.0)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.pitchDeadZones[0] removed in second object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.13, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B2_Artillery.HP_RGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_11.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_12.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_13.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.B1_Artillery.HP_RGM_14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.42, is 0.0001)
root.PAGM021_8in55_Mk14_Mod2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM011_127mm50_Type_C.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC103_Caledon.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC103_Caledon.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSC103_Caledon.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSC103_Caledon.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM088_5in38_Mk40_Mod33.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM142_120mm45_Type_Ha.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.1, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.AB1_Artillery.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP408_Myoko_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM059_380mm_SKC_34_RF.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 6.66, is 0.0001)
root.PXSX043_Medway_Queen_War.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PXSX043_Medway_Queen_War.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PXSX043_Medway_Queen_War.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCGM201_200mm_BASIC_1_barrel.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PJGM148_127mm50_Type_B.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM029_203_50mm_Mle_1924_Triple.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PCBC001.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC001.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC002.hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC002.hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCBC002.artillery.HP_GUN_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJW010_Hiei.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficient removed in second object
root.PJW010_Hiei.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonus removed in second object
root.PJW010_Hiei.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientBig removed in first object
root.PJW010_Hiei.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.thresholdPenetrationCoefficientSmall removed in first object
root.PJW010_Hiei.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusBig removed in first object
root.PJW010_Hiei.Skills.LandmineExploderModifier.chanceToSetOnFireBonusSmall removed in first object
root.PJW010_Hiei.Vanity.crewExpFactor changed in second object (was 0.0, is 1.0)
root.PAGM120_6in53_Mk14.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE121_Coast_guard.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM069_12in45_MkX.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PFGM020_164mm_Ernest_Renan.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.27, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE052_Squared_circle.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.AB1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.B_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.B_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.B_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.A_Hull_1938.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.A_Hull_1938.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.A_Hull_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.C_Hull_1944.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.C_Hull_1944.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.C_Hull_1944.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.C1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB109_Lion.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB109_Lion.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB109_Lion.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB109_Lion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB109_Lion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB109_Lion.AB1_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB109_Lion.AB2_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB109_Lion.AB2_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB109_Lion.AB2_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 13.41, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB109_Lion.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB109_Lion.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB109_Lion.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM063_13_5IN_45_Mark_V.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC999_Seal.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC999_Seal.ArtilleryDefault.HP_RGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.26, is 0.0001)
root.PRSC999_Seal.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PRSC999_Seal.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PRSC999_Seal.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 5.48, is 0.0001)
root.PGEP408_Hipper.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.A1_410_45.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.A_Hull_1933.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.A_Hull_1933.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.A_Hull_1933.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM091_6in53_Mk13_Single.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PCEP305_Permo_Emerald_Edition.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEC030_Blue_Lagoon.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_10.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_9.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBGM198_6IN50_NEPTUNE.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.B_Hull_1942.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.B_Hull_1942.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.B_Hull_1942.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.BC2_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.ABC1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.57, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.A_Hull_1938.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.A_Hull_1938.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.A_Hull_1938.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.C_Hull_1945.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.C_Hull_1945.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.C_Hull_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGPT703_F5.isDeepWater changed in second object (was False, is True)
root.PGPT703_F5.depth changed in second object (was 0.14, is 0.39)
root.PCEE092_D_Day.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE070_Chinese_New_Year.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM076_150mm_TL_C_36.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PCEF023_Ouroboros_Flag.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PREP408_Kutuzov_1952.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE087_Duca_DAosta.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM155_12in50_Mk7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.2, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP312_North_Carolina_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.A_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Artillery.HP_BGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Artillery.HP_BGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Artillery.HP_BGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Artillery.HP_BGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.B_Artillery.HP_BGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 4.9, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.ArtilleryDefault.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.C_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSC737_Nachi.C_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.C_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCEE031_Blue_steel.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM030_203mm_C34.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.02, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_8.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_7.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_6.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.24, is 0.0001)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PGGM032_203_56_SK_C38.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.53, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.B_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.B_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.B_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.B1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.63, is 0.0001)
root.PJSA507_Kaga.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSA507_Kaga.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSA507_Kaga.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAEP409_Cleveland_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJGM067_305mm50_double.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 3.44, is 0.0001)
root.PCEE062_King_of_the_Sea.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJEP414_Kitakami_1945.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB708_Alabama.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB708_Alabama.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB708_Alabama.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB708_Alabama.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB708_Alabama.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB708_Alabama.A1_Artillery.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PAEP320_Alabama_ST.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PAGM134_3in50_Mk5_Shield.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.03, is 0.0001)
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 12.18, is 0.0001)
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.HullDefault.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.HullDefault.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.HullDefault.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PZGM045_5in51_Mk_7_mod2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 1.0, is 0.0001)
root.PZGM004_5in38_Mk30_Mod0.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.12, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB508_Kii.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PJSB508_Kii.A_Hull.smokeScanRadius changed in second object (was 21.0, is 27.0)
root.PJSB508_Kii.A_Hull.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB508_Kii.A_Hull.visibilityCoefGKInSmoke removed in first object
root.PJSB508_Kii.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_1.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB508_Kii.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_2.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB508_Kii.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_3.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB508_Kii.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_4.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PJSB508_Kii.A1_Artillery.HP_JGM_5.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 8.38, is 0.0001)
root.PGGM029_149mm60_DrhTr_SK_C25.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.6, is 0.0001)
root.PBGM016_6in50_MK_XI.smokePenalty changed in second object (was 0.21, is 0.0001)
root.PGEP428_Prinz_Eugen.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PREP401_Avrora_1917.visibilityFactorInSmoke removed in first object
root.PCH144_BD2_RANKS removed in first object
root.PZGT052_533mm_Torpedo_Tubes_Triple removed in first object
root.PIGS016_120mm50_barrels_2_M1933_RM2 removed in first object
root.PZUE503_ENG_HUANGHE removed in first object
root.PIUA502_ART_GCESARE removed in first object
root.PZF031_SVP_42_50 removed in first object
root.PZGM044_152mm_MK4 removed in first object
root.PCEE141_Huang_he_Flag removed in first object
root.PIPA006_320MM_HE_Model1936 removed in first object
root.PIPA007_120MM_HE_ANSALDO1926 removed in first object
root.PZPA022_152MM_HUANGHE_AP removed in first object
root.PIPA008_120MM_AP_ANSALDO1926 removed in first object
root.PZF030_KDP2_4_type_SM_10 removed in first object
root.PZUA503_ART_HUANGHE removed in first object
root.PIUH502_GCESARE removed in first object
root.PIUE502_ENGINE_GCESARE removed in first object
root.PIRS011_Radar removed in first object
root.PZD027_Ster_Shell_Sight removed in first object
root.PID006_Rilevatore_Tiro_1_5m removed in first object
root.PZRS032_Rif_1_radar removed in first object
root.PZRS034_Guys_2 removed in first object
root.PIGM009_320mm44_barrels_2_M1934 removed in first object
root.PZRS036_Korall_14 removed in first object
root.PIPA005_320MM_AP_Model1936 removed in first object
root.PZRS033_Neptun removed in first object
root.PZUS504_SUO_HUANGHE removed in first object
root.PZPT024_533MM_HUANG_HE removed in first object
root.PIGS015_120mm50_barrels_2_M1933 removed in first object
root.PREP411_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya removed in first object
root.PZRS035_Korall_11A removed in first object
root.PIUS502_GCESARE removed in first object
root.PID004_DCT_7_2m_Torretta_1_DT removed in first object
root.PIGM008_320mm44_barrels_3_M1934 removed in first object
root.PZD029_Torpedo_director removed in first object
root.PIGA013_20mm65_Breda_M1935_double removed in first object
root.PGC008_Catapult_8 removed in first object
root.PCEE140_Giulio_Cesare_Flag removed in first object
root.PIF010_Telemetro_2_5m removed in first object
root.PZUT505_TORP_HUANGHE removed in first object
root.PZGS053_100mm_70_SM_5_1S removed in first object
root.PGUF702_FC2_GRAF_Z removed in first object
root.PZUH504_HUANGHE removed in first object
root.PISB505_Giulio_Cesare removed in first object
root.PZPA020_100MM_OF55 removed in first object
root.PZPA021_152MM_HUANGHE_HE removed in first object
root.PZSC506_Huang_he removed in first object
root.PJES308_Kii_Kobayashi removed in first object
root.PID005_LA_3m_Torretta_telemetriche_antiaree removed in first object
>> finished comparing
