>> loading GameParams.old.txt (first object)
>> loading GameParams.txt (second object)
>> comparing pickles
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB105_Bretagne.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD104_V_170.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSC005_Zaya.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX023_HMS_SS_Lorina.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD103_G_101.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSB005_Bismarck_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASX904_Cimarron.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB104_Orion.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX033_Dyck.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD913_Gearing_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX045_Liberty.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC707_Flint.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD109_Z_46.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC597_Nueve_de_Julio_1951.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSB004_Tirpiz_1942_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX026_Canterbury.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC109_Roon.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC710_Salem.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD508_Kidd.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSD506_Aigle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASX005_St_Clair.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD506_Monaghan.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB110_France.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSB003_Zeekasa.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSC004_Galaxy.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA017_Hakuryu_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA507_Saipan_1946.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC107_Algerie.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC513_Varyag.group changed in second object (was demoWithoutStats, is special)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.groupCustom.CN removed in second object
root.PRSC513_Varyag.ShipUpgradeInfo.costGold changed in second object (was 99999, is 2200)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSX701_Support.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PISC507_Duca_degli_Abruzzi.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PUSD503_Vampire.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB106_Bayern.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSD506_Gallant.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSD004_FlyFire.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC104_Danae.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PISB508_Roma.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASX815_Bogue_Clone.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSB001_Mr_Hyde.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB910_Grossdeutschland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSX702_Support.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB518_Massachusetts.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX001_Transylvania.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC510_Stalingrad.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX017_Caboteur_de_35_metres.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSC006_Norma.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD207_Minsk.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB508_Alabama.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASX001_Cimarron.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX034_John_Cattling.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD910_Grozovoy_pr_40N.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB509_Missouri.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSC003_Pr_68_Chapaev_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC105_Emerald.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC206_Dallas.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD102_V_25.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC102_Jurien.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX743_Hall_Medway_Queen.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD709_Black.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC106_Leander.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC107_New_Orlean_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB705_Kongou.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[0][0] changed in second object (was PCY002_RegenCrew, is PCY019_RLSSearch)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[0][1] changed in second object (was C, is US_9)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[1][0] changed in second object (was PCY010_RegenCrewPremium, is PCY020_RLSSearchPremium)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[1][1] changed in second object (was C_Gold, is US_9_PREMIUM)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[0][0] changed in second object (was PCY019_RLSSearch, is PCY008_SonarSearch)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[0][1] changed in second object (was US_9, is C_9)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[1][0] changed in second object (was PCY020_RLSSearchPremium, is PCY016_SonarSearchPremium)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[1][1] changed in second object (was US_9_PREMIUM, is C_9_Premium)
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[2] removed in second object
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[3] removed in second object
root.PASC209_Seattle.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX025_Medway_Queen.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC503_Katori.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSD003_Kagero_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB517_Nelson.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC207_Helena.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX044_Cimarron.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC018_Tone.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSA003_Lexington_1944_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD506_T_61.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD518_Asashio.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX043_Medway_Queen_War.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB917_Montana_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSD001_VanHellsink.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA917_Hakuryu_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSC001_Dr_Frankenship.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB109_Alsace.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD110_Z_52.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSD007_Scnellboot_S38.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSD507_Cossack.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC910_Pr_66_Moskva.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX016_Goliath.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC910_Hindenburg.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSA004_Zuikaku_1944_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB918_Yamato_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC934_Zao_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC108_Baltimore_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB107_Lyon.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC503_Oleg.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSC007_Aurora.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSB007_Alldestroyer.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC107_Fiji.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC106_Pensacola_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB910_Conqueror.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB507_Ashitaka.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC109_Neptune.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD912_Shimakaze_1943.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA015_Midway_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSC002_Charles_Martel_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB707_Haruna.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD502_Smith.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC509_Kronshtadt.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC103_Friant.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC107_Schors.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD506_Anshan.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB799_Kirishima.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASX003_Liberty.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSD517_Cossack.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSA005_Hellcarrier.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSD508_LoYang.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB527_Duke_of_York.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA508_Enterprise.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSD508_Z_39.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB108_Monarch.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB106_Normandie.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC109_Buffalo.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[0][0] changed in second object (was PCY002_RegenCrew, is PCY019_RLSSearch)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[0][1] changed in second object (was C, is US_10)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[1][0] changed in second object (was PCY010_RegenCrewPremium, is PCY020_RLSSearchPremium)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[1][1] changed in second object (was C_Gold, is US_10_PREMIUM)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[0][0] changed in second object (was PCY019_RLSSearch, is PCY008_SonarSearch)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[0][1] changed in second object (was US_10, is C_10)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[1][0] changed in second object (was PCY020_RLSSearchPremium, is PCY016_SonarSearchPremium)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[1][1] changed in second object (was US_10_PREMIUM, is C_10_Premium)
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[2] removed in second object
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[3] removed in second object
root.PASC210_Worcester.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSX024_Aronia.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSD005_Blue_Aster.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PISB505_Giulio_Cesare.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSD002_Benson_1945_H2017.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB104_Courbet.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB103_Nassau.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB507_Hood.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB103_Turenne.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB508_Gascogne.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB509_Musashi.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PZSC506_Huang_he.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC101_Orlan.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSC103_Caledon.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSB002_Rasputin.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[0][0] changed in second object (was PCY005_Spotter, is PCY019_RLSSearch)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[0][1] changed in second object (was PAY010_Curtiss_SC1_Cruiser_4, is US_8)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[1][0] changed in second object (was PCY013_SpotterPremium, is PCY020_RLSSearchPremium)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[1][1] changed in second object (was PAY110_Curtiss_SC1_Cruiser_4, is US_8_PREMIUM)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[2] removed in first object
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot3.abils[3] removed in first object
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[0][0] changed in second object (was PCY019_RLSSearch, is PCY008_SonarSearch)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[0][1] changed in second object (was US_8, is C_8)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[1][0] changed in second object (was PCY020_RLSSearchPremium, is PCY016_SonarSearchPremium)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[1][1] changed in second object (was US_8_PREMIUM, is C_8_Premium)
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[2] removed in second object
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot1.abils[3] removed in second object
root.PASC208_Cleveland.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB109_Lion.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASA915_Midway_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC999_Seal.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSA507_Kaga.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB708_Alabama.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PXSB006_Paris.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PJSB508_Kii.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
root.PFSB108_Richelieu.ShipAbilities.AbilitySlot4 removed in first object
>> finished comparing
