>> loading GameParams.old.txt (first object)
>> loading GameParams.txt (second object)
>> comparing pickles
root.PFAF001_HD780.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF001_HD780.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF001_HD780.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF001_HD780.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF001_HD780.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF001_HD780.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCOW010_Rain_Logic.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW010_Rain_Logic.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW010_Rain_Logic.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW010_Rain_Logic.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PAAB051_Douglas_BTD_1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB051_Douglas_BTD_1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB051_Douglas_BTD_1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB051_Douglas_BTD_1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB051_Douglas_BTD_1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB051_Douglas_BTD_1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD017_Kamikaze_1930.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCOW005_Evening.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW005_Evening.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW005_Evening.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW005_Evening.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD706_Shinonome.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA002_Bogue_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSB104_Orion.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB104_Orion.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAGM019_8in55_CA68.armor.262241 removed in first object
root.PAAF014_Curtiss_TS1_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF014_Curtiss_TS1_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF014_Curtiss_TS1_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF014_Curtiss_TS1_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF014_Curtiss_TS1_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF014_Curtiss_TS1_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM028_FireControl_Mod_I_US.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PJAD009_Aichi_B7A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD009_Aichi_B7A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD009_Aichi_B7A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD009_Aichi_B7A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD009_Aichi_B7A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD009_Aichi_B7A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC506_Admiral_Graf_Spee.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.ships[21] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[19] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[20] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[21] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[22] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[23] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[24] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[25] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[26] removed in first object
root.PCM038_Spotter_Mod_I.excludes[27] removed in first object
root.PAAB008_Douglas_DT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB008_Douglas_DT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB008_Douglas_DT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB008_Douglas_DT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB008_Douglas_DT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB008_Douglas_DT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFSB105_Bretagne.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB105_Bretagne.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSD104_V_170.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD104_V_170.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAS011_Curtiss_SC2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS011_Curtiss_SC2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS011_Curtiss_SC2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS011_Curtiss_SC2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS011_Curtiss_SC2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS011_Curtiss_SC2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC106_Nurnberg.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAF002_Grumman_F6F.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF002_Grumman_F6F.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF002_Grumman_F6F.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF002_Grumman_F6F.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF002_Grumman_F6F.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF002_Grumman_F6F.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS003_HE42.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS003_HE42.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS003_HE42.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS003_HE42.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS003_HE42.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS003_HE42.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF904_BF109G_HIDE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF904_BF109G_HIDE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF904_BF109G_HIDE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF904_BF109G_HIDE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF904_BF109G_HIDE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF904_BF109G_HIDE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS007_KOR_3_M_87.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS007_KOR_3_M_87.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS007_KOR_3_M_87.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS007_KOR_3_M_87.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS007_KOR_3_M_87.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS007_KOR_3_M_87.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSX023_HMS_SS_Lorina.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX023_HMS_SS_Lorina.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD308_Pr_48.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD001_Gremyashchy_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF002_Grumman_F6F.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF002_Grumman_F6F.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF002_Grumman_F6F.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF002_Grumman_F6F.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF002_Grumman_F6F.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF002_Grumman_F6F.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.ships[0] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM003_Airplanes_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PGSD103_G_101.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD103_G_101.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBAS005_FAIREY_S.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS005_FAIREY_S.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS005_FAIREY_S.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS005_FAIREY_S.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS005_FAIREY_S.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS005_FAIREY_S.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS006_N3N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS006_N3N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS006_N3N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS006_N3N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS006_N3N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS006_N3N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS009_Nakajima_E8N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS009_Nakajima_E8N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS009_Nakajima_E8N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS009_Nakajima_E8N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS009_Nakajima_E8N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS009_Nakajima_E8N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA906_Ranger_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM013_MainGun_Mod_III.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PFAF005_BLOCH157.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF005_BLOCH157.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF005_BLOCH157.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF005_BLOCH157.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF005_BLOCH157.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF005_BLOCH157.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM010_Airplanes_Mod_II.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PAAD011_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD011_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD011_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD011_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD011_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD011_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD110_Hsiang_Yang.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAB052_Grumman_TBM3.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB052_Grumman_TBM3.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB052_Grumman_TBM3.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB052_Grumman_TBM3.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB052_Grumman_TBM3.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB052_Grumman_TBM3.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD206_Hatsuharu.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC508_Kutuzov_1952.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC110_Hindenburg.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAF021_Bf109T_GZ.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF021_Bf109T_GZ.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF021_Bf109T_GZ.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF021_Bf109T_GZ.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF021_Bf109T_GZ.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF021_Bf109T_GZ.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCY005_Spotter.Alldestroyer removed in first object
root.PCY005_Spotter.Galaxy removed in first object
root.PCY005_Spotter.Zaya removed in first object
root.PXSB005_Bismarck_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSB005_Bismarck_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASX904_Cimarron.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASX904_Cimarron.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB052_Grumman_TBM3.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB052_Grumman_TBM3.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB052_Grumman_TBM3.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB052_Grumman_TBM3.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB052_Grumman_TBM3.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB052_Grumman_TBM3.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC019_Burlington_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC012_Ibuki_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX033_Dyck.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX033_Dyck.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.ships[65] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.ships[66] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.ships[67] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.ships[68] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.ships[69] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM041_SonarSearch_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PASD913_Gearing_1945.ArtilleryDefault.HP_AGM_3.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -1.0, is 0.0)
root.PASD913_Gearing_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD913_Gearing_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC014_Kitakami_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF004_Vought_VE7.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF004_Vought_VE7.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF004_Vought_VE7.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF004_Vought_VE7.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF004_Vought_VE7.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF004_Vought_VE7.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC101_Black_Swan.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC506_Molotov_1943.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAS907_AR196C_HIDE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS907_AR196C_HIDE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS907_AR196C_HIDE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS907_AR196C_HIDE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS907_AR196C_HIDE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS907_AR196C_HIDE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF003_Romano_R90.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF003_Romano_R90.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF003_Romano_R90.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF003_Romano_R90.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF003_Romano_R90.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF003_Romano_R90.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSC101_Cheng_An.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD103_Derzky.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD010_Kagero_1943.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFES308_Richelieu_Repub.canBuy changed in second object (was True, is False)
root.PFES308_Richelieu_Repub.hidden changed in second object (was False, is True)
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM030_MainWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB802_FALSE_ENEMY_Michigan.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX045_Liberty.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX045_Liberty.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC707_Flint.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC707_Flint.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Paris removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Alldestroyer removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Aurora removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Zaya removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.FlyFire removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Hellcarrier removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Blue_Aster removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Norma removed in first object
root.PCY001_CrashCrew.Galaxy removed in first object
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD507_Leningrad_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAD005_D3A2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD005_D3A2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD005_D3A2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD005_D3A2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD005_D3A2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD005_D3A2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSD109_Z_46.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD109_Z_46.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC708_ARP_Takao.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAS002_Curtiss_SOC.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS002_Curtiss_SOC.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS002_Curtiss_SOC.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS002_Curtiss_SOC.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS002_Curtiss_SOC.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS002_Curtiss_SOC.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS001_LOIRE130.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS001_LOIRE130.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS001_LOIRE130.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS001_LOIRE130.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS001_LOIRE130.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS001_LOIRE130.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS014_VOUGHT_OS2U_ARIZONA.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS014_VOUGHT_OS2U_ARIZONA.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS014_VOUGHT_OS2U_ARIZONA.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS014_VOUGHT_OS2U_ARIZONA.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS014_VOUGHT_OS2U_ARIZONA.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS014_VOUGHT_OS2U_ARIZONA.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB005_Mitsubishi_1MT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB005_Mitsubishi_1MT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB005_Mitsubishi_1MT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB005_Mitsubishi_1MT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB005_Mitsubishi_1MT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB005_Mitsubishi_1MT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF005_FW190A8.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF005_FW190A8.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF005_FW190A8.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF005_FW190A8.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF005_FW190A8.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF005_FW190A8.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSB004_Tirpiz_1942_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSB004_Tirpiz_1942_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC110_Minotaur.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCOW003_Cloudy.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW003_Cloudy.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW003_Cloudy.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW003_Cloudy.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PJAD002_D3A1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD002_D3A1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD002_D3A1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD002_D3A1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD002_D3A1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD002_D3A1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD803_False_Isokaze_1917.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB103_Bellerophon.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX026_Canterbury.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX026_Canterbury.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD005_Douglas_XSB2D.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD005_Douglas_XSB2D.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD005_Douglas_XSB2D.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD005_Douglas_XSB2D.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD005_Douglas_XSB2D.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD005_Douglas_XSB2D.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC003_Murmansk_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSC109_Roon.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC109_Roon.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD205_Podvoisky_pr_1929.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB004_Martin_T3M_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB004_Martin_T3M_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB004_Martin_T3M_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB004_Martin_T3M_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB004_Martin_T3M_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB004_Martin_T3M_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD003_D4Y2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD003_D4Y2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD003_D4Y2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD003_D4Y2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD003_D4Y2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD003_D4Y2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[11] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[12] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[13] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[14] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[15] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[16] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[17] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[18] removed in first object
root.PCM012_SecondaryGun_Mod_II.excludes[19] removed in first object
root.PCOW006_Storm_Logic.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW006_Storm_Logic.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW006_Storm_Logic.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW006_Storm_Logic.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW004_Snowstorm.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW004_Snowstorm.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW004_Snowstorm.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW004_Snowstorm.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PAAF021_F4B_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF021_F4B_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF021_F4B_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF021_F4B_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF021_F4B_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF021_F4B_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD007_Fubuki_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PIAF008_Re_2000_Roma.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAF008_Re_2000_Roma.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PIAF008_Re_2000_Roma.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PIAF008_Re_2000_Roma.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PIAF008_Re_2000_Roma.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAF008_Re_2000_Roma.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC707_Ashigara.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASD508_Kidd.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD508_Kidd.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM027_ConcealmentMeasures_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PJAF002_Kawanishi_N1K1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF002_Kawanishi_N1K1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF002_Kawanishi_N1K1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF002_Kawanishi_N1K1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF002_Kawanishi_N1K1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF002_Kawanishi_N1K1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD029_Sims_1941.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSD506_Aigle.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSD506_Aigle.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD106_Fu_Shun.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASX005_St_Clair.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASX005_St_Clair.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSD605_Cyclone_event.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAF814_S_MK1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF814_S_MK1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF814_S_MK1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF814_S_MK1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF814_S_MK1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF814_S_MK1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF014_Mitsubishi_1MF.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF014_Mitsubishi_1MF.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF014_Mitsubishi_1MF.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF014_Mitsubishi_1MF.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF014_Mitsubishi_1MF.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF014_Mitsubishi_1MF.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD008_Wakusei.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD008_Wakusei.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD008_Wakusei.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD008_Wakusei.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD008_Wakusei.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD008_Wakusei.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM009_FlightControl_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.Aurora removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.Galaxy removed in first object
root.PCY019_RLSSearch.Norma removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[9] removed in first object
root.PCM019_SecondaryGun_Mod_III.excludes[10] removed in first object
root.PASD506_Monaghan.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD506_Monaghan.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSB110_France.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PFSB110_France.A1_Artillery.HP_FGM_2.vertSector[0] changed in second object (was -2.0, is 0.0)
root.PFSB110_France.flagsScale changed in second object (was 0.8, is 0.7)
root.PFSB110_France.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB110_France.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC838_False_Hashidate_1940.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSB003_Zeekasa.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSB003_Zeekasa.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAF001_HE51.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF001_HE51.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF001_HE51.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF001_HE51.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF001_HE51.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF001_HE51.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_4_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_4_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_8_Gold_Kutuzov.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_8_Gold_Kutuzov.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_8_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_8_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_2_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_2_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Cruiser_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Cruiser_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_7_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_7_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_7_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_7_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Test.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Test.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.PanOceania_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.PanOceania_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_10_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_10_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_7_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_7_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_10_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_10_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_4_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_4_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_2_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_2_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_5_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_5_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_4_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_4_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_8_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_8_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_9_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_9_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_6_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_6_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_8_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_8_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_3_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_3_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_5_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_5_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_9_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_9_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Default.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Default.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_8_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_8_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_9_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_9_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_10_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_10_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_3_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_3_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_6_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_6_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_6_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_6_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_3_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_3_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_9_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_9_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_2_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_2_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_3_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_3_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_10_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_10_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_5_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_5_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_4_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_4_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_2_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.US_Lvl_2_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_6_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Lvl_6_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_5_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.UK_Lvl_5_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_7_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.DE_Lvl_7_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.PAZ_Gold.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY014_SmokeGeneratorPremium.PAZ_Gold.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF007_Mitsubishi_A7M2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF007_Mitsubishi_A7M2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF007_Mitsubishi_A7M2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF007_Mitsubishi_A7M2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF007_Mitsubishi_A7M2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF007_Mitsubishi_A7M2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC004_Yubari_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB006_Fuso_1943.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB008_Mitsubishi_B1M.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB008_Mitsubishi_B1M.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB008_Mitsubishi_B1M.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB008_Mitsubishi_B1M.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB008_Mitsubishi_B1M.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB008_Mitsubishi_B1M.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD208_Kagero.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC106_Pr_94_Budeny.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA017_Hakuryu_1942.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PJSA017_Hakuryu_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSA017_Hakuryu_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB007_R2Y1_Keiun.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB007_R2Y1_Keiun.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB007_R2Y1_Keiun.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB007_R2Y1_Keiun.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB007_R2Y1_Keiun.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB007_R2Y1_Keiun.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB810_HE111.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB810_HE111.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB810_HE111.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB810_HE111.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB810_HE111.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB810_HE111.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASA507_Saipan_1946.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA507_Saipan_1946.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC014_New_Orlean_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM039_CrashCrew_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PFAS003_LEO_H43.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS003_LEO_H43.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS003_LEO_H43.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS003_LEO_H43.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS003_LEO_H43.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS003_LEO_H43.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC502_Emden_1908.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM020_DamageControl_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PJAB013_Mitsubishi_Ki67.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB013_Mitsubishi_Ki67.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB013_Mitsubishi_Ki67.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB013_Mitsubishi_Ki67.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB013_Mitsubishi_Ki67.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB013_Mitsubishi_Ki67.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PUSC506_Perth_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSC107_Algerie.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC107_Algerie.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC016_Worcester_1948.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC513_Varyag.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_2.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.horizSector[0] changed in second object (was -147.0, is -144.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.horizSector[1] changed in second object (was 7.0, is 4.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_3.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_1.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.horizSector[0] changed in second object (was -5.0, is 0.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.horizSector[1] changed in second object (was 121.0, is 119.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_6.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_7.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.horizSector[0] changed in second object (was -7.0, is -4.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.horizSector[1] changed in second object (was 147.0, is 144.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_4.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.horizSector[0] changed in second object (was -121.0, is -119.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.horizSector[1] changed in second object (was 5.0, is 0.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_5.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_8.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.horizSector[1] changed in second object (was 159.0, is 157.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_9.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.horizSector[0] changed in second object (was -159.0, is -157.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_10.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_11.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.A1_Artillery.HP_RGM_12.vertSector[1] changed in second object (was 20.0, is 16.0)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.group changed in second object (was disabled, is demoWithoutStats)
root.PRSC513_Varyag.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC513_Varyag.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.HullDefault.armor.131165 removed in second object
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC034_Zao_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB012_Consolidated_TBY_1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB012_Consolidated_TBY_1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB012_Consolidated_TBY_1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB012_Consolidated_TBY_1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB012_Consolidated_TBY_1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB012_Consolidated_TBY_1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS007_AR196C.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS007_AR196C.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS007_AR196C.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS007_AR196C.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS007_AR196C.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS007_AR196C.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[0] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[1] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[2] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[3] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[4] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[5] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[6] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.ships[7] removed in first object
root.PCM032_PowderMagazine_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PJAD011_D3A1_Kaga.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD011_D3A1_Kaga.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD011_D3A1_Kaga.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD011_D3A1_Kaga.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD011_D3A1_Kaga.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD011_D3A1_Kaga.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC005_Omaha_1923.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSX701_Support.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSX701_Support.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAS015_CURTISS_SC1_ALABAMA.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS015_CURTISS_SC1_ALABAMA.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS015_CURTISS_SC1_ALABAMA.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS015_CURTISS_SC1_ALABAMA.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS015_CURTISS_SC1_ALABAMA.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS015_CURTISS_SC1_ALABAMA.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB013_Arkansas_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB001_Douglas_TBD.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB001_Douglas_TBD.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB001_Douglas_TBD.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB001_Douglas_TBD.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB001_Douglas_TBD.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB001_Douglas_TBD.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF002_AR197.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF002_AR197.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF002_AR197.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF002_AR197.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF002_AR197.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF002_AR197.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCQT479.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalCredits count="100000" />, is <isTotalCredits count="1200000" />)
root.PISC507_Duca_degli_Abruzzi.steerDist removed in first object
root.PISC507_Duca_degli_Abruzzi.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PUSD503_Vampire.steerDist removed in first object
root.PUSD503_Vampire.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSB106_Bayern.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB106_Bayern.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF007_Grumman_FF1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF007_Grumman_FF1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF007_Grumman_FF1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF007_Grumman_FF1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF007_Grumman_FF1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF007_Grumman_FF1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC105_Konigsberg.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD005_Farragut_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC505_KrasniKrym.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC010_Diana_1905_Asus.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB003_Martin_T3M.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB003_Martin_T3M.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB003_Martin_T3M.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB003_Martin_T3M.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB003_Martin_T3M.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB003_Martin_T3M.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF904_BF109G_HIDE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF904_BF109G_HIDE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF904_BF109G_HIDE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF904_BF109G_HIDE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF904_BF109G_HIDE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF904_BF109G_HIDE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD209_Yugumo.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSA006_Zuiho_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD007_Martin_BM2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD007_Martin_BM2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD007_Martin_BM2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD007_Martin_BM2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD007_Martin_BM2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD007_Martin_BM2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD106_Fubuki.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD101_Curtiss_SB2C_AP.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD101_Curtiss_SB2C_AP.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD101_Curtiss_SB2C_AP.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD101_Curtiss_SB2C_AP.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD101_Curtiss_SB2C_AP.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD101_Curtiss_SB2C_AP.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF017_HAWKER_O.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF017_HAWKER_O.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF017_HAWKER_O.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF017_HAWKER_O.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF017_HAWKER_O.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF017_HAWKER_O.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF004_BF109G.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF004_BF109G.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF004_BF109G.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF004_BF109G.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF004_BF109G.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF004_BF109G.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSD506_Gallant.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSD506_Gallant.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD107_Leberecht_Maass.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC004_St_Louis_1906.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB001_Kawachi_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF016_A5M2_N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF016_A5M2_N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF016_A5M2_N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF016_A5M2_N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF016_A5M2_N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF016_A5M2_N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM023_DamageControl_Mod_II.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PRAS001_KOR_2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS001_KOR_2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS001_KOR_2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS001_KOR_2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS001_KOR_2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS001_KOR_2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD027_Wickes_1918.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCQT490.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalXP  count="1500"/>, is <isTotalXP  count="30000"/>)
root.PCQT491.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalXP  count="2000"/>, is <isTotalXP  count="20000"/>)
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB506_Dunkerque_1940.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCOW002_Storm.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW002_Storm.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW002_Storm.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW002_Storm.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC709_Haguro.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD010_Douglas_BTD_1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD010_Douglas_BTD_1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD010_Douglas_BTD_1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD010_Douglas_BTD_1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD010_Douglas_BTD_1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD010_Douglas_BTD_1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF905_FW190A8_HIDE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF905_FW190A8_HIDE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF905_FW190A8_HIDE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF905_FW190A8_HIDE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF905_FW190A8_HIDE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF905_FW190A8_HIDE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD105_T_22.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC015_Tatsuta_1919.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXY112_SmokeGeneratorPremium.H2016.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PXY112_SmokeGeneratorPremium.H2016.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PXY112_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Default.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PXY112_SmokeGeneratorPremium.Default.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD510_SBD_ENTERPRISE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD510_SBD_ENTERPRISE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD510_SBD_ENTERPRISE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD510_SBD_ENTERPRISE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD510_SBD_ENTERPRISE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD510_SBD_ENTERPRISE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF005_Loening_M8.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF005_Loening_M8.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF005_Loening_M8.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF005_Loening_M8.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF005_Loening_M8.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF005_Loening_M8.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.ships[14] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM042_RLSSearch_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PRAS002_KOR_1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS002_KOR_1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS002_KOR_1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS002_KOR_1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS002_KOR_1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS002_KOR_1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSC104_Danae.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC104_Danae.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PISB508_Roma.steerDist removed in first object
root.PISB508_Roma.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASX815_Bogue_Clone.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASX815_Bogue_Clone.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB002_Tirpiz_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB008_Colorado_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM034_Guidance_Mod_0.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PXAF811_BF109.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF811_BF109.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF811_BF109.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF811_BF109.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF811_BF109.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF811_BF109.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSB001_Mr_Hyde.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSB001_Mr_Hyde.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF006_Loening_M8_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF006_Loening_M8_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF006_Loening_M8_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF006_Loening_M8_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF006_Loening_M8_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF006_Loening_M8_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA015_Taiho_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB910_Grossdeutschland.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB910_Grossdeutschland.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF004_J7W1_A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF004_J7W1_A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF004_J7W1_A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF004_J7W1_A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF004_J7W1_A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF004_J7W1_A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC038_Atago_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB018_Yamato_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC706_HSF_Graf_Spee.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAD006_D1A1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD006_D1A1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD006_D1A1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD006_D1A1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD006_D1A1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD006_D1A1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD012_Kawasaki_Ki48.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD012_Kawasaki_Ki48.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD012_Kawasaki_Ki48.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD012_Kawasaki_Ki48.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD012_Kawasaki_Ki48.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD012_Kawasaki_Ki48.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSX702_Support.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSX702_Support.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF008_Mitsubishi_A8M.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF008_Mitsubishi_A8M.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF008_Mitsubishi_A8M.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF008_Mitsubishi_A8M.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF008_Mitsubishi_A8M.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF008_Mitsubishi_A8M.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCY007_SpeedBooster.Blue_Aster removed in first object
root.PCY007_SpeedBooster.FlyFire removed in first object
root.PCY007_SpeedBooster.Paris removed in first object
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD026_Camo_Kamikaze.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD025_True_Kamikaze.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD110_Pr_24_Khabarovsk.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAS002_HE1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS002_HE1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS002_HE1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS002_HE1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS002_HE1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS002_HE1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB110_Conqueror.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF028_Grumman_F6F_3.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF028_Grumman_F6F_3.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF028_Grumman_F6F_3.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF028_Grumman_F6F_3.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF028_Grumman_F6F_3.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF028_Grumman_F6F_3.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB107_King_George_V.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM017_Airplanes_Mod_III.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PIAS003_IMAM_Ro_43_Roma.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS003_IMAM_Ro_43_Roma.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS003_IMAM_Ro_43_Roma.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS003_IMAM_Ro_43_Roma.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS003_IMAM_Ro_43_Roma.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS003_IMAM_Ro_43_Roma.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC507_Belfast_1959.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAF016_LA_9_FLOAT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF016_LA_9_FLOAT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF016_LA_9_FLOAT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF016_LA_9_FLOAT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF016_LA_9_FLOAT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF016_LA_9_FLOAT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASB518_Massachusetts.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB518_Massachusetts.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD109_Chung_Mu.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC506_De_Grasse.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF013_Curtiss_F6C_1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF013_Curtiss_F6C_1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF013_Curtiss_F6C_1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF013_Curtiss_F6C_1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF013_Curtiss_F6C_1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF013_Curtiss_F6C_1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSX001_Transylvania.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX001_Transylvania.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB002_Nakajima_B6N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB002_Nakajima_B6N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB002_Nakajima_B6N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB002_Nakajima_B6N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB002_Nakajima_B6N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB002_Nakajima_B6N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB018_Iowa_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD708_HSF_Harekaze.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSA508_Graf_Zeppelin.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB109_Friedrich_der_Grosse.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA012_Zuikaku_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC013_Kuma_1938.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB003_Myogi_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF011_Mitsubishi_A6M5.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF011_Mitsubishi_A6M5.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF011_Mitsubishi_A6M5.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF011_Mitsubishi_A6M5.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF011_Mitsubishi_A6M5.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF011_Mitsubishi_A6M5.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSD503_Campbeltown_1941.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC507_Indianapolis_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD006_Hatsuharu_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX017_Caboteur_de_35_metres.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX017_Caboteur_de_35_metres.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic1.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic1.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic1.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic1.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic2.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic2.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic2.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic2.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic3.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic3.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic3.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic3.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic4.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic4.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic4.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic4.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic5.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic5.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic5.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic5.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic6.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic6.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic6.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic6.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic7.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic7.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic7.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic7.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic8.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic8.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic8.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.logic8.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOW012_Night_Logic.audio removed in first object
root.PGAS006_FW62.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS006_FW62.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS006_FW62.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS006_FW62.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS006_FW62.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS006_FW62.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF031_FM_2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF031_FM_2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF031_FM_2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF031_FM_2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF031_FM_2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF031_FM_2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS005_Aichi_E13A1b.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS005_Aichi_E13A1b.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS005_Aichi_E13A1b.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS005_Aichi_E13A1b.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS005_Aichi_E13A1b.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS005_Aichi_E13A1b.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC044_Marblehead_1924.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC705_Myoko.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF006_Mitsubishi_A7M1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF006_Mitsubishi_A7M1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF006_Mitsubishi_A7M1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF006_Mitsubishi_A7M1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF006_Mitsubishi_A7M1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF006_Mitsubishi_A7M1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSD207_Minsk.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD207_Minsk.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB010_Douglas_DT_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB010_Douglas_DT_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB010_Douglas_DT_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB010_Douglas_DT_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB010_Douglas_DT_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB010_Douglas_DT_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF002_LOIRE210.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF002_LOIRE210.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF002_LOIRE210.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF002_LOIRE210.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF002_LOIRE210.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF002_LOIRE210.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_1.armor.196705 changed in second object (was 0.0, is 160.0)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_1.armor.262241 removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_3.armor.196705 changed in second object (was 0.0, is 160.0)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_3.armor.262241 removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB2_203_55.HP_AGM_2.armor.262241 removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_1.armor.196705 changed in second object (was 0.0, is 160.0)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_1.armor.262241 removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_3.armor.196705 changed in second object (was 0.0, is 160.0)
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_3.armor.262241 removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.AB1_203_55.HP_AGM_2.armor.262241 removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC017_Baltimore_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF010_F8F_Bearcat.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF010_F8F_Bearcat.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF010_F8F_Bearcat.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF010_F8F_Bearcat.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF010_F8F_Bearcat.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF010_F8F_Bearcat.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASB508_Alabama.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB508_Alabama.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM029_FireControl_Mod_II_US.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM026_LookoutStation_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PCOW009_Snowstorm_Logic.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW009_Snowstorm_Logic.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW009_Snowstorm_Logic.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW009_Snowstorm_Logic.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PAAB013_A2D_Skyshark.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB013_A2D_Skyshark.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB013_A2D_Skyshark.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB013_A2D_Skyshark.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB013_A2D_Skyshark.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB013_A2D_Skyshark.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB010_Nakajima_C6N5_1b.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB010_Nakajima_C6N5_1b.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB010_Nakajima_C6N5_1b.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB010_Nakajima_C6N5_1b.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB010_Nakajima_C6N5_1b.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB010_Nakajima_C6N5_1b.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD103_Phra_Ruang.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC108_Edinburgh.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASX001_Cimarron.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASX001_Cimarron.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX034_John_Cattling.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX034_John_Cattling.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF902_XP54_HALLOWEEN.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF902_XP54_HALLOWEEN.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF902_XP54_HALLOWEEN.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF902_XP54_HALLOWEEN.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF902_XP54_HALLOWEEN.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF902_XP54_HALLOWEEN.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB006_MT1_Float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB006_MT1_Float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB006_MT1_Float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB006_MT1_Float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB006_MT1_Float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB006_MT1_Float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSD910_Grozovoy_pr_40N.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD910_Grozovoy_pr_40N.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAS003_KR_1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS003_KR_1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS003_KR_1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS003_KR_1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS003_KR_1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS003_KR_1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASB509_Missouri.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB509_Missouri.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD004_Douglas_SBD2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD004_Douglas_SBD2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD004_Douglas_SBD2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD004_Douglas_SBD2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD004_Douglas_SBD2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD004_Douglas_SBD2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF810_BF110.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF810_BF110.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF810_BF110.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF810_BF110.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF810_BF110.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF810_BF110.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD801_FALSE_ENEMY_Sampson.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB011_B4Y_KAGA.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB011_B4Y_KAGA.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB011_B4Y_KAGA.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB011_B4Y_KAGA.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB011_B4Y_KAGA.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB011_B4Y_KAGA.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSC003_Pr_68_Chapaev_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSC003_Pr_68_Chapaev_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAD001_Ju_87C_GZ.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD001_Ju_87C_GZ.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD001_Ju_87C_GZ.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD001_Ju_87C_GZ.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD001_Ju_87C_GZ.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD001_Ju_87C_GZ.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSC105_Emerald.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC105_Emerald.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB002_Warspite_1941.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC108_Charles_Martel.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD409_Pr_20i_Tashkent.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD005_Mutsuki_1926.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC104_Svetlana.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAX001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAX001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAX001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAX001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAX001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAX001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD001_Tachibana_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF015_A4N2_N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF015_A4N2_N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF015_A4N2_N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF015_A4N2_N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF015_A4N2_N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF015_A4N2_N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC107_Yorck.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSD102_V_25.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD102_V_25.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSC102_Jurien.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC102_Jurien.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFES318_Richelieu_Royal.canBuy changed in second object (was True, is False)
root.PFES318_Richelieu_Royal.hidden changed in second object (was False, is True)
root.PXAS007_KOR_3_M_87.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS007_KOR_3_M_87.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS007_KOR_3_M_87.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS007_KOR_3_M_87.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS007_KOR_3_M_87.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS007_KOR_3_M_87.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF016_McDonnell_F2H.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF016_McDonnell_F2H.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF016_McDonnell_F2H.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF016_McDonnell_F2H.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF016_McDonnell_F2H.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF016_McDonnell_F2H.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB802_False_Ally_Kawachi_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC606_Admiral_Makarov.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF502_F6F_ENTERPRISE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF502_F6F_ENTERPRISE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF502_F6F_ENTERPRISE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF502_F6F_ENTERPRISE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF502_F6F_ENTERPRISE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF502_F6F_ENTERPRISE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM018_AirDefense_Mod_III.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PBAS004_SEAFOX.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS004_SEAFOX.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS004_SEAFOX.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS004_SEAFOX.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS004_SEAFOX.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS004_SEAFOX.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD003_Isokaze_1917.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAF006_TA152C.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF006_TA152C.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF006_TA152C.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF006_TA152C.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF006_TA152C.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF006_TA152C.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS004_Curtiss_SO3C.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS004_Curtiss_SO3C.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS004_Curtiss_SO3C.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS004_Curtiss_SO3C.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS004_Curtiss_SO3C.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS004_Curtiss_SO3C.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC104_Duguay_Trouin.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX743_Hall_Medway_Queen.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX743_Hall_Medway_Queen.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAS004_VOUGHT_OS2U.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS004_VOUGHT_OS2U.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS004_VOUGHT_OS2U.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS004_VOUGHT_OS2U.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS004_VOUGHT_OS2U.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS004_VOUGHT_OS2U.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD003_D4Y2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD003_D4Y2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD003_D4Y2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD003_D4Y2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD003_D4Y2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD003_D4Y2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF011_Curtiss_TS1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF011_Curtiss_TS1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF011_Curtiss_TS1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF011_Curtiss_TS1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF011_Curtiss_TS1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF011_Curtiss_TS1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB506_Arizona_1941.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASD709_Black.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD709_Black.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAS001_F1M2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS001_F1M2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS001_F1M2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS001_F1M2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS001_F1M2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS001_F1M2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF009_Kawanishi_N1K5_A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSC106_Leander.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC106_Leander.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD208_Pr_30.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.ships[46] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.ships[47] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.ships[48] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM040_AirDefenseDisp_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PJAB012_B5N2_Kaga.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB012_B5N2_Kaga.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB012_B5N2_Kaga.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB012_B5N2_Kaga.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB012_B5N2_Kaga.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB012_B5N2_Kaga.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSB705_Kongou.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB705_Kongou.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB007_Kongo_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD105_Pr_7_Gnevny.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC102_Weymouth.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB510_TBF_ENTERPRISE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB510_TBF_ENTERPRISE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB510_TBF_ENTERPRISE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB510_TBF_ENTERPRISE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB510_TBF_ENTERPRISE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB510_TBF_ENTERPRISE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB903_XP67_HALLOWEEN.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB903_XP67_HALLOWEEN.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB903_XP67_HALLOWEEN.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB903_XP67_HALLOWEEN.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB903_XP67_HALLOWEEN.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB903_XP67_HALLOWEEN.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSX025_Medway_Queen.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX025_Medway_Queen.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC503_Katori.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC503_Katori.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB012_North_Carolina_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSD003_Kagero_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSD003_Kagero_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB801_False_Michigan_1916.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB034_New_Mexico_1941.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM021_Engine_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PBSB517_Nelson.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB517_Nelson.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD006_Mahan_1936.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBAF018_SEA_G.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF018_SEA_G.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF018_SEA_G.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF018_SEA_G.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF018_SEA_G.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF018_SEA_G.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM006_MainGun_Mod_II.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD107_Gadjah_Mada.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCY003_AirDefenseDisp.Aurora removed in first object
root.PCY003_AirDefenseDisp.Zaya removed in first object
root.PCY003_AirDefenseDisp.FlyFire removed in first object
root.PCY003_AirDefenseDisp.Hellcarrier removed in first object
root.PCY003_AirDefenseDisp.Galaxy removed in first object
root.PUAS001_Walrus.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PUAS001_Walrus.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PUAS001_Walrus.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PUAS001_Walrus.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PUAS001_Walrus.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PUAS001_Walrus.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCQT492.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalXP count="4000"/>, is <isTotalXP  count="40000"/>)
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD014_Leader_1919.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAD007_D4Y3.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD007_D4Y3.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD007_D4Y3.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD007_D4Y3.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD007_D4Y3.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD007_D4Y3.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS006_LOIRE130_DUNKIRK.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS006_LOIRE130_DUNKIRK.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS006_LOIRE130_DUNKIRK.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS006_LOIRE130_DUNKIRK.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS006_LOIRE130_DUNKIRK.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS006_LOIRE130_DUNKIRK.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXPB002_GER_2200LBS.ground changed in second object (was sfx/airBomb_ground.xml, is sfx/Torpedo_Explo_APR.xml)
root.PXPB002_GER_2200LBS.shipDestroyEffect changed in second object (was sfx/onWaterExplosion127mm.xml, is sfx/airplane_water_destroy_APR.xml)
root.PXPB002_GER_2200LBS.water changed in second object (was sfx/airBomb_water.xml, is sfx/Torpedo_Explo_APR.xml)
root.PXPB002_GER_2200LBS.projDestroyedEffect changed in second object (was sfx/airBomb_ship.xml, is sfx/Torpedo_Explo_APR.xml)
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD021_Fletcher_1943.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC108_Pr_68_Chapaev.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD509_SBD_ENTERPRISE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD509_SBD_ENTERPRISE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD509_SBD_ENTERPRISE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD509_SBD_ENTERPRISE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD509_SBD_ENTERPRISE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD509_SBD_ENTERPRISE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF020_SEAFIRE_III.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF020_SEAFIRE_III.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF020_SEAFIRE_III.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF020_SEAFIRE_III.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF020_SEAFIRE_III.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF020_SEAFIRE_III.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD013_Gearing_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAS008_KL_145.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS008_KL_145.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS008_KL_145.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS008_KL_145.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS008_KL_145.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS008_KL_145.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD111_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK_AP.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD111_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK_AP.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD111_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK_AP.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD111_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK_AP.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD111_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK_AP.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD111_Kaiser_Fleetwings_XBTK_AP.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD901_X5FU_HALLOWEEN.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD901_X5FU_HALLOWEEN.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD901_X5FU_HALLOWEEN.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD901_X5FU_HALLOWEEN.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD901_X5FU_HALLOWEEN.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD901_X5FU_HALLOWEEN.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB004_Arkansas_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF020_A5M4_KAGA.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF020_A5M4_KAGA.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF020_A5M4_KAGA.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF020_A5M4_KAGA.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF020_A5M4_KAGA.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF020_A5M4_KAGA.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSX044_Cimarron.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX044_Cimarron.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD106_Pr_30_Ognevoy.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB708_Hiei_Arpeggio.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_6.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_6.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_7.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_7.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_4.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_4.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_5.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_5.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_2.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_2.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_3.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_3.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_8_Kutuzov.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_8_Kutuzov.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.PAZ.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.PAZ.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_8.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_8.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_9.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_9.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Test.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Test.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_6.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_6.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_7.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_7.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_4.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_4.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_5.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_5.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_2.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_2.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_3.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_3.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_8.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_8.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_9.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_9.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_10.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Lvl_10.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_8.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_8.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.PanOceania.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.PanOceania.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Default.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Default.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_10.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_10.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_7.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_7.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_6.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_6.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_5.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_5.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_4.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_4.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_3.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_3.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_2.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_2.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Cruiser.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Cruiser.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_9.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_9.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_6.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_6.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_7.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_7.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_4.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_4.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_5.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_5.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_2.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_2.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_3.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.US_Lvl_3.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_9.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_9.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_8.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_8.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_10.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.DE_Lvl_10.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_10.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.UK_Lvl_10.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Norma removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.FlyFire removed in first object
root.PCY006_SmokeGenerator.Blue_Aster removed in first object
root.PRAF011_I_15_FLOAT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF011_I_15_FLOAT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF011_I_15_FLOAT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF011_I_15_FLOAT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF011_I_15_FLOAT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF011_I_15_FLOAT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD019_Clemson_1920.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB001_Michigan_1916.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAD810_JU87.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD810_JU87.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD810_JU87.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD810_JU87.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD810_JU87.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD810_JU87.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSA002_Invisible_Air_Ally_1.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFES328_Gascogne_Repub.canBuy changed in second object (was True, is False)
root.PFES328_Gascogne_Repub.hidden changed in second object (was False, is True)
root.PAAS001_Vought_OS2U.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS001_Vought_OS2U.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS001_Vought_OS2U.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS001_Vought_OS2U.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS001_Vought_OS2U.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS001_Vought_OS2U.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC508_Prinz_Eugen.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF024_XP_40S.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF024_XP_40S.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF024_XP_40S.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF024_XP_40S.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF024_XP_40S.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF024_XP_40S.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC018_Tone.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC018_Tone.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF512_Vought_F4U_S.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF512_Vought_F4U_S.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF512_Vought_F4U_S.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF512_Vought_F4U_S.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF512_Vought_F4U_S.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF512_Vought_F4U_S.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.steerDist removed in first object
root.PISC506_DucadAosta.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC110_Pr_66_Moskva.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD108_Hsien_Yang.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSB001_Nikolay_I.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB006_Martin_T4M_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB006_Martin_T4M_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB006_Martin_T4M_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB006_Martin_T4M_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB006_Martin_T4M_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB006_Martin_T4M_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSA003_Lexington_1944_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSA003_Lexington_1944_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC002_Drezden_1908.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSD506_T_61.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD506_T_61.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF023_Nakajima_Ki84.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF023_Nakajima_Ki84.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF023_Nakajima_Ki84.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF023_Nakajima_Ki84.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF023_Nakajima_Ki84.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF023_Nakajima_Ki84.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD010_D1A2_KAGA.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD010_D1A2_KAGA.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD010_D1A2_KAGA.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD010_D1A2_KAGA.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD010_D1A2_KAGA.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD010_D1A2_KAGA.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCOW001_Sunny.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW001_Sunny.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW001_Sunny.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW001_Sunny.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PJSD518_Asashio.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD518_Asashio.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAS006_KOR_3_VK_107.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS006_KOR_3_VK_107.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS006_KOR_3_VK_107.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS006_KOR_3_VK_107.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS006_KOR_3_VK_107.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS006_KOR_3_VK_107.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD002_Umikaze_1925.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF008_F2A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF008_F2A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF008_F2A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF008_F2A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF008_F2A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF008_F2A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB010_Nagato_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD002_Sampson_1917.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD003_Vought_SB2U.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD003_Vought_SB2U.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD003_Vought_SB2U.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD003_Vought_SB2U.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD003_Vought_SB2U.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD003_Vought_SB2U.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSD605_Anthony_Event.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAS001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS001_Mitsubishi_Ki_57.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC106_La_Galissonniere.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAD004_J5N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD004_J5N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD004_J5N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD004_J5N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD004_J5N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD004_J5N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[9] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[10] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[11] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[12] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[13] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[14] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[15] removed in first object
root.PCM014_Torpedo_Mod_III.excludes[16] removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC035_Chikuma_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBAF016_FAIREY_F.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF016_FAIREY_F.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF016_FAIREY_F.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF016_FAIREY_F.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF016_FAIREY_F.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF016_FAIREY_F.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD210_Grozovoy_pr_40N.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB002_Grumman_TBF.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB002_Grumman_TBF.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB002_Grumman_TBF.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB002_Grumman_TBF.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB002_Grumman_TBF.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB002_Grumman_TBF.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF812_BP_D_MK1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF812_BP_D_MK1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF812_BP_D_MK1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF812_BP_D_MK1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF812_BP_D_MK1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF812_BP_D_MK1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSX043_Medway_Queen_War.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX043_Medway_Queen_War.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB917_Montana_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB917_Montana_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF003_Nikajima_A4N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF003_Nikajima_A4N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF003_Nikajima_A4N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF003_Nikajima_A4N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF003_Nikajima_A4N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF003_Nikajima_A4N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB009_Douglas_AD1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB009_Douglas_AD1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB009_Douglas_AD1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB009_Douglas_AD1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB009_Douglas_AD1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB009_Douglas_AD1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC109_Saint_Louis.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSD001_VanHellsink.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSD001_VanHellsink.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA917_Hakuryu_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSA917_Hakuryu_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC805_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD109_Pr_48_Kiev.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC009_Mogami_1935.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC002_Diana_1905.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSC001_Dr_Frankenship.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSC001_Dr_Frankenship.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAB102_Nakajima_B6N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB102_Nakajima_B6N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB102_Nakajima_B6N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB102_Nakajima_B6N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB102_Nakajima_B6N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB102_Nakajima_B6N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF005_BLOCH157.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF005_BLOCH157.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF005_BLOCH157.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF005_BLOCH157.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF005_BLOCH157.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF005_BLOCH157.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFSB109_Alsace.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB109_Alsace.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC008_Myoko_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCOW011_Night.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW011_Night.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW011_Night.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW011_Night.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD104_Izyaslav.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSD110_Z_52.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PGSD110_Z_52.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD110_Z_52.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC108_Hipper.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF001_A6M2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF001_A6M2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF001_A6M2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF001_A6M2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF001_A6M2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF001_A6M2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF018_Grumman_F4F_5.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF018_Grumman_F4F_5.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF018_Grumman_F4F_5.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF018_Grumman_F4F_5.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF018_Grumman_F4F_5.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF018_Grumman_F4F_5.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM025_SteeringGear_Mod_II.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PAAS010_Curtiss_SC1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS010_Curtiss_SC1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS010_Curtiss_SC1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS010_Curtiss_SC1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS010_Curtiss_SC1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS010_Curtiss_SC1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSD007_Scnellboot_S38.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSD007_Scnellboot_S38.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC002_Chester_1908.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSD507_Cossack.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSD507_Cossack.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAS006_Aichi_E16A1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS006_Aichi_E16A1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS006_Aichi_E16A1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS006_Aichi_E16A1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS006_Aichi_E16A1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS006_Aichi_E16A1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF906_TA152C_HIDE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF906_TA152C_HIDE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF906_TA152C_HIDE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF906_TA152C_HIDE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF906_TA152C_HIDE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF906_TA152C_HIDE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF015_Curtiss_F6C_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF015_Curtiss_F6C_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF015_Curtiss_F6C_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF015_Curtiss_F6C_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF015_Curtiss_F6C_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF015_Curtiss_F6C_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF022_F3F_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF022_F3F_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF022_F3F_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF022_F3F_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF022_F3F_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF022_F3F_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC001_Hermelin_1940.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASX006_Cimarron_invisible.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC005_Furutaka_1926.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB107_Gneisenau.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC910_Pr_66_Moskva.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC910_Pr_66_Moskva.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC026_Iwaki_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX016_Goliath.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX016_Goliath.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSC910_Hindenburg.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC910_Hindenburg.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSA004_Zuikaku_1944_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSA004_Zuikaku_1944_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA004_Langley_1929.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD104_Shen_Yang.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB509_Douglas_AD1_S.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB509_Douglas_AD1_S.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB509_Douglas_AD1_S.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB509_Douglas_AD1_S.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB509_Douglas_AD1_S.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB509_Douglas_AD1_S.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC007_Aoba_1943.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC003_Albany_1898.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAS008_Nakajima_E4N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS008_Nakajima_E4N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS008_Nakajima_E4N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS008_Nakajima_E4N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS008_Nakajima_E4N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS008_Nakajima_E4N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD008_Douglas_AD2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD008_Douglas_AD2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD008_Douglas_AD2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD008_Douglas_AD2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD008_Douglas_AD2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD008_Douglas_AD2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB104_Kaiser.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB918_Yamato_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB918_Yamato_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB106_Queen_Elizabeth.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC934_Zao_1944.HullDefault.armor.131165 removed in second object
root.PJSC934_Zao_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC934_Zao_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB108_Bismarck.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF005_Mitsubishi_A5M2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF005_Mitsubishi_A5M2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF005_Mitsubishi_A5M2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF005_Mitsubishi_A5M2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF005_Mitsubishi_A5M2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF005_Mitsubishi_A5M2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD102_Long_Jiang.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSB107_Lyon.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB107_Lyon.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC503_Oleg.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC503_Oleg.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_1.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_3.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_2.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB2_152_47.HP_AGM_4.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_1.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_3.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_2.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.AB1_152_47.HP_AGM_4.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC007_Cleveland_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSC107_Fiji.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC107_Fiji.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBAF019_SEA_H.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF019_SEA_H.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF019_SEA_H.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF019_SEA_H.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF019_SEA_H.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAF019_SEA_H.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCY008_SonarSearch.Aurora removed in first object
root.PCY008_SonarSearch.Zaya removed in first object
root.PCY008_SonarSearch.Blue_Aster removed in first object
root.PCY008_SonarSearch.Norma removed in first object
root.PCY008_SonarSearch.Galaxy removed in first object
root.PCY008_SonarSearch.Alldestroyer removed in first object
root.PJAF013_Nakajima_A2N2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF013_Nakajima_A2N2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF013_Nakajima_A2N2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF013_Nakajima_A2N2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF013_Nakajima_A2N2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF013_Nakajima_A2N2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS007_SEA_OTTER.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS007_SEA_OTTER.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS007_SEA_OTTER.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS007_SEA_OTTER.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS007_SEA_OTTER.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS007_SEA_OTTER.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS002_IMAM_RO43_ABRUZZI.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS002_IMAM_RO43_ABRUZZI.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS002_IMAM_RO43_ABRUZZI.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS002_IMAM_RO43_ABRUZZI.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS002_IMAM_RO43_ABRUZZI.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS002_IMAM_RO43_ABRUZZI.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCOW008_Morning.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW008_Morning.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW008_Morning.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW008_Morning.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCQC009_ViveLaFrance.endTimeCustom.PT changed in second object (was 26-02-2018 20:00:00, is 19-01-2018 20:00:00)
root.PCQC009_ViveLaFrance.endTimeCustom.ST changed in second object (was 26-02-2018 20:00:00, is 19-01-2018 20:00:00)
root.PBSB910_Conqueror.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB910_Conqueror.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCY004_Fighter.Alldestroyer removed in first object
root.PCY004_Fighter.Galaxy removed in first object
root.PCY004_Fighter.Zaya removed in first object
root.PFAS005_Breguet_Br790.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS005_Breguet_Br790.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS005_Breguet_Br790.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS005_Breguet_Br790.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS005_Breguet_Br790.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS005_Breguet_Br790.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD105_Jian_Wei.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD505_Okhotnik_1917.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD004_Minekadze_1920.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAS004_HE60.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS004_HE60.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS004_HE60.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS004_HE60.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS004_HE60.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS004_HE60.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSA009_Ryujo_1933.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD105_Mutsuki.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAF003_BF109E.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF003_BF109E.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF003_BF109E.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF003_BF109E.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF003_BF109E.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAF003_BF109E.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM037_SmokeGenerator_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB008_Ishizuchi_1921.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAS901_AR196_HIDE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS901_AR196_HIDE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS901_AR196_HIDE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS901_AR196_HIDE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS901_AR196_HIDE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS901_AR196_HIDE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC803_Cimarron_shooter.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB507_Ashitaka.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB507_Ashitaka.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[9] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[10] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[11] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[12] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[13] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[14] removed in first object
root.PCM024_Engine_Mod_II.excludes[15] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[9] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[10] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[11] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[12] removed in first object
root.PCM031_SecondaryWeapon_Mod_I.excludes[13] removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD108_Z_23.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD014_Tachibana_1912_Asus.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCQT055_Key.conditions[3] changed in second object (was <isUseCamouflages count="1"/>, is <isUseCamouflage count="1"/>)
root.PCQT489.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalXP  count="1000"/>, is <isTotalXP  count="25000"/>)
root.PCQT487.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isRibbons count="200"/>, is <isRibbons count="1000"/>)
root.PCQT486.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isRibbons count="200" />, is <isRibbons count="1000" />)
root.PCQT485.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isRibbons count="100" />, is <isRibbons count="1500" />)
root.PCQT484.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isRibbons count="100" />, is <isRibbons count="1800" />)
root.PCQT482.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalCredits count="100000" />, is <isTotalCredits count="1800000" />)
root.PCQT481.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalCredits count="50000" />, is <isTotalCredits count="600000" />)
root.PCQT480.conditions[2] changed in second object (was <isTotalCredits count="100000" />, is <isTotalCredits count="1200000" />)
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC012_Pensacola_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[13] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[14] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[15] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[16] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[17] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[18] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[19] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[20] removed in first object
root.PCM033_Guidance_Mod_I.excludes[21] removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC109_Dmitry_Donskoy.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF012_Vought_F4U.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF012_Vought_F4U.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF012_Vought_F4U.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF012_Vought_F4U.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF012_Vought_F4U.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF012_Vought_F4U.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD013_Douglas_SBD5.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD013_Douglas_SBD5.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD013_Douglas_SBD5.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD013_Douglas_SBD5.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD013_Douglas_SBD5.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD013_Douglas_SBD5.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF012_I_153_FLOAT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF012_I_153_FLOAT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF012_I_153_FLOAT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF012_I_153_FLOAT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF012_I_153_FLOAT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF012_I_153_FLOAT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB105_Koenig.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAF013_YAK_1_FLOAT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF013_YAK_1_FLOAT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF013_YAK_1_FLOAT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF013_YAK_1_FLOAT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF013_YAK_1_FLOAT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF013_YAK_1_FLOAT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD002_Curtiss_SBC4.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD002_Curtiss_SBC4.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD002_Curtiss_SBC4.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD002_Curtiss_SBC4.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD002_Curtiss_SBC4.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD002_Curtiss_SBC4.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB007_Douglas_XTB2D.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB007_Douglas_XTB2D.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB007_Douglas_XTB2D.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB007_Douglas_XTB2D.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB007_Douglas_XTB2D.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB007_Douglas_XTB2D.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSC109_Neptune.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC109_Neptune.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB009_Nakajima_B3N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB009_Nakajima_B3N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB009_Nakajima_B3N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB009_Nakajima_B3N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB009_Nakajima_B3N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB009_Nakajima_B3N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF001_Grumman_F3F.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF001_Grumman_F3F.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF001_Grumman_F3F.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF001_Grumman_F3F.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF001_Grumman_F3F.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF001_Grumman_F3F.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC710_Salem.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC710_Salem.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD912_Shimakaze_1943.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD912_Shimakaze_1943.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC110_Henri_IV.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASA015_Midway_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA015_Midway_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB011_Mikasa_1905.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAB002_Ju_87C_GZ.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAB002_Ju_87C_GZ.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAB002_Ju_87C_GZ.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAB002_Ju_87C_GZ.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAB002_Ju_87C_GZ.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAB002_Ju_87C_GZ.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF003_Boeing_XF7B.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF003_Boeing_XF7B.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF003_Boeing_XF7B.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF003_Boeing_XF7B.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF003_Boeing_XF7B.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF003_Boeing_XF7B.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC717_Yellow_Dragon.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB001_B5N2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB001_B5N2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB001_B5N2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB001_B5N2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB001_B5N2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB001_B5N2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA006_Independence_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSC002_Charles_Martel_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSC002_Charles_Martel_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB707_Haruna.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB707_Haruna.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF023_F4F_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF023_F4F_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF023_F4F_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF023_F4F_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF023_F4F_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF023_F4F_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD207_Shiratsuyu.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBAS001_Walrus.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS001_Walrus.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS001_Walrus.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS001_Walrus.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS001_Walrus.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS001_Walrus.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A_Hull.HP_GGM_4_HP_GGA_1 removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.A_Hull.HP_GGM_1_HP_GGA_1 removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB110_Grossdeutschland.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD006_Vought_SBU.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD006_Vought_SBU.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD006_Vought_SBU.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD006_Vought_SBU.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD006_Vought_SBU.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD006_Vought_SBU.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF004_VG_39_Bis_float.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF004_VG_39_Bis_float.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF004_VG_39_Bis_float.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF004_VG_39_Bis_float.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF004_VG_39_Bis_float.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF004_VG_39_Bis_float.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD508_Douglas_AD2_S.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD508_Douglas_AD2_S.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD508_Douglas_AD2_S.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD508_Douglas_AD2_S.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD508_Douglas_AD2_S.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD508_Douglas_AD2_S.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD206_Pr_7.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD106_Ernst_Gaede.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAB811_LH_MK1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB811_LH_MK1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB811_LH_MK1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB811_LH_MK1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB811_LH_MK1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB811_LH_MK1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB013_Amagi_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD110_Douglas_BTD_1_AP.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD110_Douglas_BTD_1_AP.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD110_Douglas_BTD_1_AP.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD110_Douglas_BTD_1_AP.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD110_Douglas_BTD_1_AP.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD110_Douglas_BTD_1_AP.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASD502_Smith.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD502_Smith.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC509_Kronshtadt.group changed in second object (was disabled, is demoWithoutStats)
root.PRSC509_Kronshtadt.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC509_Kronshtadt.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB053_Douglas_XSB2D.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB053_Douglas_XSB2D.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB053_Douglas_XSB2D.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB053_Douglas_XSB2D.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB053_Douglas_XSB2D.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB053_Douglas_XSB2D.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.steerDist removed in first object
root.PWSD501_Blyskawica.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSC103_Friant.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC103_Friant.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAB001_B5N2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB001_B5N2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB001_B5N2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB001_B5N2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB001_B5N2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB001_B5N2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSC107_Schors.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC107_Schors.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAF015_LA_126_FLOAT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF015_LA_126_FLOAT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF015_LA_126_FLOAT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF015_LA_126_FLOAT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF015_LA_126_FLOAT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF015_LA_126_FLOAT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS006_ROC_S.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS006_ROC_S.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS006_ROC_S.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS006_ROC_S.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS006_ROC_S.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBAS006_ROC_S.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD012_Shimakaze_1943.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSA001_Invisible_Air_Enemy_1.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.nationFlagScale changed in second object (was 1.7, is 1.5)
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC020_Des_Moines_1948.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSA002_Hosho_1939.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAD001_D1A2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD001_D1A2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD001_D1A2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD001_D1A2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD001_D1A2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD001_D1A2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC804_FALSE_ENEMY_Erie_1936.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB004_Yokosuka_B4Y.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB004_Yokosuka_B4Y.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB004_Yokosuka_B4Y.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB004_Yokosuka_B4Y.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB004_Yokosuka_B4Y.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB004_Yokosuka_B4Y.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS005_KOR_2_M_62.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS005_KOR_2_M_62.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS005_KOR_2_M_62.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS005_KOR_2_M_62.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS005_KOR_2_M_62.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS005_KOR_2_M_62.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS002_Yokosuka_E1Y.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS002_Yokosuka_E1Y.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS002_Yokosuka_E1Y.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS002_Yokosuka_E1Y.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS002_Yokosuka_E1Y.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS002_Yokosuka_E1Y.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PZSD506_Anshan.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD506_Anshan.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB799_Kirishima.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB799_Kirishima.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASX003_Liberty.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASX003_Liberty.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXY012_SmokeGenerator.H2016.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PXY012_SmokeGenerator.H2016.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PXY012_SmokeGenerator.Default.livePointEffect removed in first object
root.PXY012_SmokeGenerator.Default.spawnPointEffect removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB801_False_Kawachi_1912.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM036_SpeedBooster_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PXAF813_H_MK1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF813_H_MK1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF813_H_MK1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF813_H_MK1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF813_H_MK1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF813_H_MK1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC037_Hashidate_1940.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC024_Phoenix_1917.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PZSD508_LoYang.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSD508_LoYang.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSB527_Duke_of_York.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB527_Duke_of_York.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF029_Vought_F4U_1A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD102_SM_Storojevoy.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC837_False_Hashidate_1940.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAD005_D3A2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD005_D3A2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD005_D3A2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD005_D3A2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD005_D3A2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAD005_D3A2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASA508_Enterprise.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA508_Enterprise.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSD508_Z_39.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSD508_Z_39.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF009_Grumman_F4F.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF009_Grumman_F4F.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF009_Grumman_F4F.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF009_Grumman_F4F.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF009_Grumman_F4F.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF009_Grumman_F4F.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA013_Essex_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAD002_Ju_87C_APB_GZ.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD002_Ju_87C_APB_GZ.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD002_Ju_87C_APB_GZ.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD002_Ju_87C_APB_GZ.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD002_Ju_87C_APB_GZ.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAD002_Ju_87C_APB_GZ.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD107_Pr_35_Udaloy.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC001_Avrora_1917.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSB108_Monarch.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB108_Monarch.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSB106_Normandie.permoflages[1] removed in first object
root.PFSB106_Normandie.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB106_Normandie.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD009_Douglas_XTB2D.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD009_Douglas_XTB2D.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD009_Douglas_XTB2D.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD009_Douglas_XTB2D.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD009_Douglas_XTB2D.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD009_Douglas_XTB2D.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA010_Ranger_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAS012_Vought_OS2U_2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS012_Vought_OS2U_2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS012_Vought_OS2U_2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS012_Vought_OS2U_2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS012_Vought_OS2U_2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS012_Vought_OS2U_2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS001_Ar196.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS001_Ar196.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS001_Ar196.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS001_Ar196.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS001_Ar196.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS001_Ar196.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF030_F4F_4.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF030_F4F_4.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF030_F4F_4.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF030_F4F_4.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF030_F4F_4.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF030_F4F_4.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC802_Cimarron_Target.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC105_Kirov.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSB505_Oktyabrskaya_Revolutsiya.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM016_FlightControl_Mod_II.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSD108_Pr_20i_Tashkent.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAS016_OS2U_3_MASS.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS016_OS2U_3_MASS.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS016_OS2U_3_MASS.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS016_OS2U_3_MASS.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS016_OS2U_3_MASS.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS016_OS2U_3_MASS.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC103_Kolberg.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXSX024_Aronia.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSX024_Aronia.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PISB505_Giulio_Cesare.steerDist removed in first object
root.PISB505_Giulio_Cesare.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM022_SteeringGear_Mod_I.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PAGM009_6in47_CL55.armor.65568 changed in second object (was 76.0, is 38.0)
root.PAGM009_6in47_CL55.armor.65569 changed in second object (was 76.0, is 51.0)
root.PAGM009_6in47_CL55.armor.65571 changed in second object (was 25.0, is 38.0)
root.PAGM009_6in47_CL55.armor.65635 changed in second object (was 38.0, is 25.0)
root.PAGM009_6in47_CL55.armor.196707 removed in second object
root.PAGM009_6in47_CL55.armor.131104 removed in first object
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC001_Erie_1936.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB503_Koenig_Albert.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSC104_Karlsruhe.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM011_AirDefense_Mod_II.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PXSD002_Benson_1945_H2017.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSD002_Benson_1945_H2017.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD024_Wakatake_1923.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSA011_Hiryu_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAB003_Aichi_B7A.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB003_Aichi_B7A.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB003_Aichi_B7A.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB003_Aichi_B7A.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB003_Aichi_B7A.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAB003_Aichi_B7A.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS901_AR196_HIDE.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS901_AR196_HIDE.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS901_AR196_HIDE.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS901_AR196_HIDE.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS901_AR196_HIDE.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAS901_AR196_HIDE.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB005_Martin_T4M.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB005_Martin_T4M.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB005_Martin_T4M.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB005_Martin_T4M.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB005_Martin_T4M.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB005_Martin_T4M.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFSB104_Courbet.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB104_Courbet.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGSB103_Nassau.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB103_Nassau.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSB507_Hood.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB507_Hood.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAF017_Boeing_F4B.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF017_Boeing_F4B.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF017_Boeing_F4B.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF017_Boeing_F4B.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF017_Boeing_F4B.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAF017_Boeing_F4B.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS001_IMAM_RO43.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS001_IMAM_RO43.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS001_IMAM_RO43.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS001_IMAM_RO43.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS001_IMAM_RO43.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PIAS001_IMAM_RO43.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS010_Kawanishi_E7k.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS010_Kawanishi_E7k.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS010_Kawanishi_E7k.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS010_Kawanishi_E7k.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS010_Kawanishi_E7k.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS010_Kawanishi_E7k.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD107_Akatsuki.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSB103_Turenne.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB103_Turenne.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF022_A6M2_Kaga.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF022_A6M2_Kaga.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF022_A6M2_Kaga.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF022_A6M2_Kaga.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF022_A6M2_Kaga.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF022_A6M2_Kaga.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCY002_RegenCrew.Paris removed in first object
root.PCY002_RegenCrew.Alldestroyer removed in first object
root.PCY002_RegenCrew.Aurora removed in first object
root.PCY002_RegenCrew.Zaya removed in first object
root.PCY002_RegenCrew.Norma removed in first object
root.PCY002_RegenCrew.Galaxy removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB706_Kirishima.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA012_Lexington_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB006_New_York_1934.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAS005_Vought_UO1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS005_Vought_UO1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS005_Vought_UO1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS005_Vought_UO1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS005_Vought_UO1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS005_Vought_UO1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC727_Blue_Dragon.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSB508_Gascogne.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB508_Gascogne.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFES338_Gascogne_Royal.canBuy changed in second object (was True, is False)
root.PFES338_Gascogne_Royal.hidden changed in second object (was False, is True)
root.PJAS007_Kawanishi_E15K1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS007_Kawanishi_E15K1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS007_Kawanishi_E15K1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS007_Kawanishi_E15K1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS007_Kawanishi_E15K1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS007_Kawanishi_E15K1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[0] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[1] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[2] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[3] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[4] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[5] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[6] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[7] removed in first object
root.PCM035_SteeringGear_Mod_III.excludes[8] removed in first object
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC101_Bougainville.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF010_Nakajima_J8N1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF010_Nakajima_J8N1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF010_Nakajima_J8N1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF010_Nakajima_J8N1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF010_Nakajima_J8N1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF010_Nakajima_J8N1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSB509_Musashi.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB509_Musashi.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PZSC506_Huang_he.steerDist removed in first object
root.PZSC506_Huang_he.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAS009_KOR_2_VK_105.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS009_KOR_2_VK_105.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS009_KOR_2_VK_105.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS009_KOR_2_VK_105.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS009_KOR_2_VK_105.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAS009_KOR_2_VK_105.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[10] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[11] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[12] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[13] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[14] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[15] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[16] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[17] removed in first object
root.PCM015_FireControl_Mod_II.excludes[18] removed in first object
root.PRSC101_Orlan.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC101_Orlan.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRAF014_YAK_9U_FLOAT.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF014_YAK_9U_FLOAT.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF014_YAK_9U_FLOAT.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF014_YAK_9U_FLOAT.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF014_YAK_9U_FLOAT.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRAF014_YAK_9U_FLOAT.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.steerDist removed in first object
root.PGSB507_Scharnhorst.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCOW007_Dull.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOW007_Dull.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOW007_Dull.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOW007_Dull.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC103_Bogatyr.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PBSC103_Caledon.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSC103_Caledon.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAB011_Grumman_TBM2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB011_Grumman_TBM2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB011_Grumman_TBM2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB011_Grumman_TBM2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB011_Grumman_TBM2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAB011_Grumman_TBM2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSD108_Akizuki.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXSB002_Rasputin.steerDist removed in first object
root.PXSB002_Rasputin.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXAD013_Douglas_SBD5.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD013_Douglas_SBD5.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD013_Douglas_SBD5.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD013_Douglas_SBD5.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD013_Douglas_SBD5.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAD013_Douglas_SBD5.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF006_HD780_DUNKIRK.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF006_HD780_DUNKIRK.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF006_HD780_DUNKIRK.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF006_HD780_DUNKIRK.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF006_HD780_DUNKIRK.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAF006_HD780_DUNKIRK.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASD008_Benson_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAF018_Mitsubishi_A5M4.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF018_Mitsubishi_A5M4.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF018_Mitsubishi_A5M4.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF018_Mitsubishi_A5M4.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF018_Mitsubishi_A5M4.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF018_Mitsubishi_A5M4.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSB109_Lion.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB109_Lion.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASA915_Midway_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASA915_Midway_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PRSC999_Seal.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC999_Seal.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB705_Texas_1944.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB506_Mutsu.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC045_Marblehead_1924_Asus.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PGAS005_HE9.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS005_HE9.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS005_HE9.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS005_HE9.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS005_HE9.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PGAS005_HE9.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.steerDist removed in first object
root.PRSC102_Novik.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB021_Izumo_1938.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJAS003_Yokosuka_K5Y2.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS003_Yokosuka_K5Y2.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS003_Yokosuka_K5Y2.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS003_Yokosuka_K5Y2.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS003_Yokosuka_K5Y2.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS003_Yokosuka_K5Y2.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD001_Curtiss_SB2C.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS004_Aichi_E13A1.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS004_Aichi_E13A1.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS004_Aichi_E13A1.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS004_Aichi_E13A1.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS004_Aichi_E13A1.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAS004_Aichi_E13A1.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF017_Mitsubishi_A6M2_N.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF017_Mitsubishi_A6M2_N.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF017_Mitsubishi_A6M2_N.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF017_Mitsubishi_A6M2_N.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF017_Mitsubishi_A6M2_N.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF017_Mitsubishi_A6M2_N.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS004_GL821.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS004_GL821.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS004_GL821.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS004_GL821.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS004_GL821.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFAS004_GL821.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.steerDist removed in first object
root.PBSB105_Iron_Duke.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSC737_Nachi.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PCOV001_Felth.logic.AAMaxDist removed in first object
root.PCOV001_Felth.logic.GSIdealRadius removed in first object
root.PCOV001_Felth.logic.burnTime removed in first object
root.PCOV001_Felth.logic.speedCoef removed in first object
root.PCOV001_Felth.audio removed in first object
root.PJAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PJAF019_Mitsubishi_A6M5_C.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB002_Grumman_TBF.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB002_Grumman_TBF.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB002_Grumman_TBF.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB002_Grumman_TBF.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB002_Grumman_TBF.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PXAB002_Grumman_TBF.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASC006_Atlanta_1942.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PAAD012_Douglas_SBD3.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD012_Douglas_SBD3.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD012_Douglas_SBD3.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD012_Douglas_SBD3.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD012_Douglas_SBD3.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAD012_Douglas_SBD3.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS007_O2U.waterDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS007_O2U.airHitEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS007_O2U.shootdownSmokeEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS007_O2U.waterEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS007_O2U.airDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PAAS007_O2U.groundDestroyEffect removed in first object
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSC105_Emile_Bertin.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSA507_Kaga.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSA507_Kaga.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB708_Alabama.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB708_Alabama.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.steerDist removed in first object
root.PASB017_Montana_1945.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PJSB508_Kii.steerDist removed in first object
root.PJSB508_Kii.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PFSB108_Richelieu.steerDist removed in first object
root.PFSB108_Richelieu.steerAngle removed in first object
root.PXUD902_CV10_DB_TOP removed in first object
root.PXAS002_Space_Scout removed in first object
root.PXPT008_Mk_17 removed in first object
root.PAUE705_CA8_ENG_STOCK removed in first object
root.PCNB075 removed in first object
root.PCNB074 removed in first object
root.PCNB073 removed in first object
root.PCNB072 removed in first object
root.PXW110_Spaceman3 removed in first object
root.PXUS915_ASTER_SUO removed in first object
root.PXSC005_Zaya removed in first object
root.PXPT022_Type_91_mod_1A removed in first object
root.PXGT004_space_TL removed in first object
root.PXPA028_130MM_HE_OF_42 removed in first object
root.PJGA597_25mm_Type96_single_Space removed in first object
root.PCH172_VacuumCleaner removed in first object
root.PGES510_Z_52_BLUE_ASTER removed in first object
root.PAUS706_CA8_STOCK_SUO removed in first object
root.PXUF903_FlightControl_2_U removed in first object
root.PRF506_SPN_500_Space removed in first object
root.PAUS803_CL9_STOCK_SUO removed in first object
root.PAUS704_CL8_STOCK_SUO removed in first object
root.PXGS047_space_SG removed in first object
root.PXUE951_PARIS_ENG removed in first object
root.PAES410_DESMOINES_GALAXY removed in first object
root.PJGM595_203mm55_Space removed in first object
root.PAUH706_CLEVELAND_B removed in first object
root.PXUH951_PARIS_HULL removed in first object
root.PXGA030_space_far_AA removed in first object
root.PXUI902_CV10_F_TOP removed in first object
root.PXPA037_406MM_AP_PZ_GR_L4_4 removed in first object
root.PCNB071 removed in first object
root.PFF200_SGC_Rangefinder_3m_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PXGA029_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PXW108_Spaceman1 removed in first object
root.PXUA901_ZAYA_ART removed in first object
root.PXUA935_AURORA_ART removed in first object
root.PXUI901_CV10_F_STOCK removed in first object
root.PAUH805_BUFFALO_A removed in first object
root.PXPA019_Main_127mm_HE_C_Mk_32 removed in first object
root.PXGT002_space_TL_R removed in first object
root.PAUS606_CA7_TOP_SUO removed in first object
root.PAUS507_CA6_STOCK_SUO removed in first object
root.PRES410_MOSKVA_AVRORA removed in first object
root.PJGA598_25mm_Type96_Space removed in first object
root.PFGS516_90mm_50_Mle_1927_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PCOW013_1April_Hailstorm removed in first object
root.PXGM007_space_MG removed in first object
root.PXGA032_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXGA034_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXSC004_Galaxy removed in first object
root.PAGT506_21in_MK15_Torpedo_Tubes_Space removed in first object
root.PXGA028_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXPA027_420MM_AP_APC_L_4_6 removed in first object
root.PXGA031_space_far_AA removed in first object
root.PXGT005_space_TL removed in first object
root.PXW114_Spaceman7 removed in first object
root.PAD302_Director_Mk37 removed in first object
root.PXY202_SmokeGenerator removed in first object
root.PAGA505_20mm_Oerlikon_MK4_Space removed in first object
root.PXPA023_Shell_203mm_AP_AP_Mk_21 removed in first object
root.PXPA020_Shell_203mm_HE_HC_Mk_25 removed in first object
root.PAUS508_CA6_TOP_SUO removed in first object
root.PAUH707_BALTIMORE_A removed in first object
root.PXAS907_AllDestroyer removed in first object
root.PXSD004_FlyFire removed in first object
root.PXPA017_152MM_AP_MK5 removed in first object
root.PRGM552_220mm_SM_6_Space removed in first object
root.PXW113_Spaceman6 removed in first object
root.PXUH925_NORMA removed in first object
root.PXUT921_FLYFIRE_TORP removed in first object
root.PAGA504_40mm_Bofors_Mk2_Space removed in first object
root.PXUA911_ALLDESTROYER_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXUE925_NORMA_ENG removed in first object
root.PXUH921_ZAYA removed in first object
root.PXGS040_space_SG removed in first object
root.PXGS041_space_SG removed in first object
root.PXUS931_PARIS_SUO removed in first object
root.PXPT006_533_MKIXM removed in first object
root.PXGT001_space_TL_L removed in first object
root.PXUE941_FLYFIRE_ENG removed in first object
root.PXUA931_PARIS_ART removed in first object
root.PCOW015_1April_IceCrumbs removed in first object
root.PXUE921_ZAYA_ENG removed in first object
root.PCOW014_1April_Cloudburst removed in first object
root.PAUS707_CA8_TOP_SUO removed in first object
root.PXPA041_431MM_50_1939_AP removed in first object
root.PXAB010_Nakajima_C6N5_1b removed in first object
root.PFD202_MGC_Director_8m_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PAGM502_5in38_MK38_Space removed in first object
root.PXAD009_Aichi_B7A removed in first object
root.PXY201_SmokeGenerator removed in first object
root.PAUE804_CA9_ENG_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXAD008_Wakusei removed in first object
root.PAUE606_CA7_ENG_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXGS042_space_SG removed in first object
root.PXAF024_Galaxy removed in first object
root.PAUS806_CA9_TOP_SUO removed in first object
root.PFGS520_90_50_Mle_1930_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PJES110_HAKURYU_HELL removed in first object
root.PXSC006_Norma removed in first object
root.PXUA921_FLYFIRE_ART removed in first object
root.PXUS911_ALLDESTROYER_SUO removed in first object
root.PAUH806_BUFFALO_B removed in first object
root.PXPA035_406MM_HE_SPR_GR_L4_4_KZ removed in first object
root.PXAF102_Zaya removed in first object
root.PXGS043_space_SG removed in first object
root.PXUH941_FLYFIRE removed in first object
root.PXGT003_space_TL removed in first object
root.PXAB003_Aichi_B7A removed in first object
root.PAUH507_PENSACOLA_A removed in first object
root.PXGA025_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PFD204_MGC_Director_5m_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PXUE935_ASTER_ENG removed in first object
root.PXUH931_ALLDESTROYER removed in first object
root.PXUE911_CV10_ENG_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXUT905_NORMA_TORP removed in first object
root.PAUA805_CA9_ART_STOCK removed in first object
root.PAUE507_CA6_ENG_STOCK removed in first object
root.PAUS805_CA9_STOCK_SUO removed in first object
root.PXUH955_AURORA removed in first object
root.PXPA031_Main_127mm_HE_C_Mk_32 removed in first object
root.PAES510_GEARING_FLYFIRE removed in first object
root.PCH169_Poekhali removed in first object
root.PXGA021_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXW109_Spaceman2 removed in first object
root.PXAS107_Zaya removed in first object
root.PXY203_SmokeGenerator removed in first object
root.PAUA704_CL8_ART_STOCK removed in first object
root.PAUA605_CA7_ART_STOCK removed in first object
root.PASC107_New_Orlean_1944 removed in first object
root.PXGA038_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXPA032_431MM_50_1939_HE removed in first object
root.PFD203_SGC_Director_3m_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PXUH935_ASTER removed in first object
root.PFGA517_37_50_Mle_1925_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PFES316_NORMANDIE_SKIN removed in first object
root.PXGS044_space_SG removed in first object
root.PFGS515_138_6mm_55_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PXGA033_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXAF008_Mitsubishi_A8M removed in first object
root.PXUS905_NORMA_SUO removed in first object
root.PXW116_Spaceman9 removed in first object
root.PFD201_Dir_HA_RF_3m_Mle_1933_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PAUS905_CA10_TOP_SUO removed in first object
root.PXGA024_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PXGA027_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXPA021_150mm_HE_HE_N_F removed in first object
root.PXGS046_space_SG removed in first object
root.PGES310_GROSS_ALLDESTROYER removed in first object
root.PXUT901_ZAYA_TORP_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXGS045_space_SG removed in first object
root.PXGT006_space_TL removed in first object
root.PXPA024_128MM_HE_C41 removed in first object
root.PRGS555_75mm_Cane_White removed in first object
root.PXW112_Spaceman5 removed in first object
root.PXGM006_space_MG removed in first object
root.PAUA507_CA6_ART_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXUA912_ALLDESTROYER_TOP removed in first object
root.PXUB901_CV10_TB_STOCK removed in first object
root.PRGS553_130mm_BL_109A_Space removed in first object
root.PXUB902_CV10_TB_TOP removed in first object
root.PXGM004_space_MG removed in first object
root.PXW115_Spaceman8 removed in first object
root.PXGA023_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PXUT912_ASTER_TORP_TOP removed in first object
root.PAUA806_CA9_ART_TOP removed in first object
root.PXGA037_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PRGM554_152mm_45_Canet_White removed in first object
root.PXPA029_128MM_HE_SPR_GR_KZ removed in first object
root.PXAS011_Galaxy removed in first object
root.PXPA038_Shell_203mm_AP_AP_Type_92 removed in first object
root.PAUA606_CA7_ART_TOP removed in first object
root.PASC108_Baltimore_1944 removed in first object
root.PXUA915_ASTER_ART removed in first object
root.PCH170_ShieldsActivation removed in first object
root.PAUH705_CLEVELAND_A removed in first object
root.PAUS804_CL9_TOP_SUO removed in first object
root.PXSC007_Aurora removed in first object
root.PXSB007_Alldestroyer removed in first object
root.PASC106_Pensacola_1944 removed in first object
root.PAUA705_CL8_ART_TOP removed in first object
root.PAUH606_N_ORLEANS_A removed in first object
root.PXAF906_Alldestroyer removed in first object
root.PXGM008_space_MG removed in first object
root.PXW111_Spaceman4 removed in first object
root.PXUA905_NORMA_ART removed in first object
root.PXPA022_Shell_127mm_AP_SC_Mk_38 removed in first object
root.PXUE931_ALLDESTROYER_ENG removed in first object
root.PAUA707_CA8_ART_TOP removed in first object
root.PFES310_FRANCE_PARIS removed in first object
root.PXAF006_Mitsubishi_A7M1 removed in first object
root.PXUE945_GALAXY_ENG removed in first object
root.PXGA036_space_far_AA removed in first object
root.PRES413_VARYAG removed in first object
root.PXUT911_ASTER_TORP_STOCK removed in first object
root.PAUA706_CA8_ART_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXPA018_127MM_54_1948_HE removed in first object
root.PXUS921_FLYFIRE_SUO removed in first object
root.PAUS605_CA7_STOCK_SUO removed in first object
root.PXPA036_220_AP_B_23 removed in first object
root.PXUS901_ZAYA_SUO_STOCK removed in first object
root.PAUE704_CL8_ENG_STOCK removed in first object
root.PRGA550_25mm_4M120_Space removed in first object
root.PXGM009_space_MG removed in first object
root.PXUE955_AURORA_ENG removed in first object
root.PAUH708_BALTIMORE_B removed in first object
root.PRGA551_45mm_SM_20_Zif_Space removed in first object
root.PJGT599_610mm5_Type_93L_Space removed in first object
root.PXPT004_G7A_T1 removed in first object
root.PAGA503_40mm_Bofors_Mk1_Space removed in first object
root.PXGM011_space_MG removed in first object
root.PCH171_NotSoTroopery removed in first object
root.PXPA025_128MM_AP_C41 removed in first object
root.PGES500_Grosser_Kurfurst_space removed in first object
root.PXGM012_space_MG removed in first object
root.PJGM596_100mm65_Type98_Space removed in first object
root.PXSA005_Hellcarrier removed in first object
root.PXPA026_420MM_HE_HE_L_4_6 removed in first object
root.PJES410_ZAO_ZAYA removed in first object
root.PASC109_Buffalo removed in first object
root.PXPA033_220_HE_OF_23 removed in first object
root.PXUH911_Hellcarrier removed in first object
root.PXUF902_FlightControl_2_A removed in first object
root.PCT161_April1st2018_DailyReward removed in first object
root.PXPA039_Shell_203mm_HE_C_Type_1 removed in first object
root.PXGM005_space_MG removed in first object
root.PXGA039_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PXUH945_GALAXY removed in first object
root.PXSD005_Blue_Aster removed in first object
root.PXGA022_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PXGA035_space_near_AA removed in first object
root.PXPT005_Sea_Torpedo_Type93 removed in first object
root.PXPA040_Shell_100mm_HE_C_Type_98 removed in first object
root.PBES410_MINOTAUR_NORMA removed in first object
root.PXUD901_CV10_DB_STOCK removed in first object
root.PXPA030_152MM_55_1936_HE removed in first object
root.PXGA026_space_medium_AA removed in first object
root.PXGM010_space_MG removed in first object
root.PXUA925_GALAXY_ART removed in first object
root.PCH168_OneSmallStepForAMan removed in first object
root.PASC208_Cleveland removed in first object
root.PXGM013_space_MG removed in first object
root.PFGM514_Tower_340_4_Transatlantic removed in first object
root.PCT162_April1st2018_OneTimeReward removed in first object
root.PAUH607_N_ORLEANS_B removed in first object
root.PXUF901_FlightControl_1 removed in first object
root.PAUS705_CL8_TOP_SUO removed in first object
root.PAUH508_PENSACOLA_B removed in first object
root.PXUS935_AURORA_SUO removed in first object
root.PJC005_Catapult_Space removed in first object
root.PXSB006_Paris removed in first object
root.PAUA508_CA6_ART_TOP removed in first object
root.PXUS925_GALAXY_SUO removed in first object
root.PXPB102_Type99_N25_Mod1 removed in first object
>> finished comparing
